“My Molly. Magic. Isn’t that sort of thing passed through bloodlines?”

“Usually,” I said. “But it doesn’t have to be. Some people are just born with it. We don’t really understand the how and why.”

He shook his head. “But how could I not have realized what was happening to her?”

“I dunno. But if you find out, make sure to tell Charity. She asked me the same question.”

“I suppose we’re all blind to what is closest to us,” he said.

“Human nature,” I agreed.

“Is Molly in danger?” he asked me, his tone frank.



I frowned and thought about it. “Some. She’s got real power. And she’s abused it a little. She’s going to be real tempted to use it again when she starts running into problems that look unsolvable. Not only that, but learning to harness the kind of strength she’s got can be pretty tricky all by itself. But she’s smart and she’s got all kinds of guts. If her teacher keeps from making any stupid mistakes, I think she’ll be all right.”

“But if she isn’t,” Michael said. “If she abuses her power again…”

“Then clemency is revoked. They execute her.”

“And you,” Michael said softly.

I shrugged. “Isn’t like I haven’t lived with that over my head before. As far as the Council is concerned, I’m responsible for her now, until she either makes full wizard or sets her talents aside.”

“Greater love hath no man,” he said quietly. “Nothing I can say would be enough. She’s my daughter, Harry. Thank you.”

I felt my cheeks heat up. “Yeah, yeah. Look, don’t make a big deal out of this. No one will enjoy that.”

He let out a rumbling chuckle. “And this apprenticeship. What will it entail?”

“Lessons. Every day, at first, until I’m sure she’s got herself under control.

We’ll have to practice some of it away from anything combustible. Trees, houses, pets, that kind of thing.”

“How long will you need to work with her?”

“Until we’re finished,” I said, waving a vague hand. “I don’t know yet. I’ve never been on this side of an apprenticeship.”

He nodded in acceptance. “Very well.” We rode in silence for a moment.

Then he said, “You remember the professional discussion I wanted to have?”

“Yeah,” I said. “Shoot.”

“Fidelacchius,” Michael said. “I was wondering if you found any candidates for a new wielder.”



“Zippo,” I said, frowning. “You think I should be looking?”

“Hard to say. But with only two of us in the field, Sanya and I are getting a little overworked.”

I scratched my chin. “Shiro told me that I would know the wielder. There hasn’t been anything like that. At least, not yet.”

“I’m concerned that it may take more than simply patience,” Michael sighed. “I’ve consulted our records. This is not the first time one of the White Council has been asked to be the custodian of one of the Swords.”

I arched my eyebrows and looked at him. “Seriously?”

He nodded.

“Me and who?”

“Merlin.”

I snorted. “You sure? Because the Merlin is kind of a jerk. Even you would think so, trust me.”

“No, Harry,” Michael said, his tone patient. “Not the Merlin of the Council.

Merlin. The original.”

I sat there with my jaw suavely flapping in the breeze for a minute.

Then said, “Wow.” I shook my head. “You think maybe I should find a big rock or something? Stick the sword in and leave it on the White House lawn?”

Michael crossed himself. “Heaven forbid. No. I just have an…” He scrunched up his nose. “An instinct.”

“You mean like when you get sent out on a mission from God?”

“No. I mean a regular old human hunch. I think that perhaps you should investigate the history around how Amoracchius was passed on, back then.”

Said sword now rested at a slant across Michael’s chest, safely in its scabbard, point between the knight’s boots.

“Wow. You mean… that sword right there. Your sword is…” I left it unsaid.



“Probably,” he said, nodding. “Though the Church’s records are fragmented, we’ve managed to establish that the other two Swords have been reworked from time to time, through the years. This one hasn’t.”

“That’s interesting,” I mused quietly. “That’s interesting as he—uh, as heck.”

Michael gave me a faint smile and nodded. “It’s an intriguing mystery, isn’t it?”

“You know what?” I said. “I can do mystery.” I chewed my lip for a minute and said, “But I hope you’re not in a hurry. You may have noticed that the Council is having a busy year. I’ll have time sooner or later, but for now…”

I shrugged.

“I know.” He was quiet for a moment, and then said, “But knowing the sword’s history could become important. Sooner is better than later.”

Something odd in his tone made me look at him. “Why?”

His hand moved unconsciously to Amoraccbius’s hilt. “I don’t think I’ll have the sword for much longer.” His voice was very soft.

When the Knights of the Sword retired, they did it feetfirst from the inside of a box.

“Michael?” I asked. “Did the, uh, office send you a memo?” I carefully didn’t say Like they did with Shiro.

“No. Instinct,” he said, and smiled at me. “But I suppose I could be beginning my midlife crisis. But I’m not planning to change the way I live my life, and I certainly have no intention of an early retirement.”

“Good,” I said, though it came out more somber than I’d intended.

“Do you mind if I ask you something personal?” Michael said.

“I’m way too busy to answer rhetorical questions.”

He grinned for a second and nodded. Then he pursed his lips and took his time about choosing his words. “Harry, you’ve avoided me for some time.

And you seem… well, somewhat more dour than I’ve seen you before.”

“I wasn’t avoiding you, exactly,” I said.



He regarded me with calm, steady eyes.

“All right,” I said. “Yeah. But I’ve been avoiding most everybody. Don’t take it personally.”

“Is it something I’ve done? Or perhaps someone in my family?”

“Enough with the rhetoric. You know it isn’t.”

He nodded. “Then maybe it’s something you’ve done. Maybe something you should talk about with a friend.”

The fallen angel’s sigil on my left palm throbbed. I started to say “no,” but stopped myself. I drove for another block or two. I should tell him. I really should. Michael was my friend. He deserved my trust and respect. He deserved to know.

But I couldn’t.

Then my mouth started moving, and I realized that what was bothering me the most had nothing to do with coins or fallen angels. “Last Halloween,” I said quietly, “I killed two people.”

He drew in a slow breath and nodded, listening.

“One of them was Cassius. Once he was beaten, I had Mouse break his neck. Another was a necromancer called Corpsetaker. I shot her in the back of the head.” I swallowed. “I murdered them. I’ve never killed, man… not like that. Cold.” I drove a while more. “I have nightmares.”

I heard him sigh. For a moment, his voice was bleak. Pained. “I’ve been in this business longer than you have. I know some of what you’re feeling.”

I didn’t answer him.

“You feel like nothing is ever going to be right again,” he said. “You remember it perfectly, and it won’t leave you alone. You feel like you’re walking around with a sharp rock in your shoe. You feel stained.”

Stupid damned streetlights, getting all blurry like that. I blinked a lot and stayed quiet. My throat was too tight to speak, anyway.



“I know what it’s like,” he said. “There isn’t any way to make it disappear.

But it gets better with time and distance.” He studied me for a moment. “If you had it to do again, would you?”

“Twice as hard,” I said at once.

“Then what you did was a necessity, Harry. It might be painful. It might haunt you. But at the end of the day, so long as you did what you believed right, you’ll be able to live with yourself.”

“Yeah?” I asked, chewing on my lower lip.

“I promise,” he said.

I darted a glance at him. “You don’t… think less of me? Knowing that I’m a murderer?”

“It isn’t my place to judge what you’ve done. I regret that those lives were lost. That their owners never found redemption. I worry for the pain you’ve inflicted on yourself in retrospect. But I don’t for an instant think that you would choose to take a human life unless you absolutely had to.”

“Seriously?”

“I trust you,” Michael said, his voice calm. “I would never have left my family in your protection if I didn’t. You’re a decent man, Harry.”

I exhaled slowly and my shoulders loosened. “Good.” And then, before my brain could get in the way, I added, “I picked up one of the Blackened Denarü, Michael. Lasciel.”

My heart skipped several beats as I made the admission.

I expected shock, horror, outrage, maybe with a side order of contempt.

But instead, Michael nodded. “I know.”

I blinked at him. “You what?”

“I know,” he repeated.

“You know. You knew? ”

“Yes. I was taking the trash around the house when Nicodemus’s car went by. I saw the whole thing. I saw you protecting my youngest.”



I chewed on my lip. “And… I mean, you aren’t going to slug me and drag me off to a private suite in the Asylum for Wayward Denarians?”

“Don’t be ridiculous,” Michael said. “Remember that the Knights of the Cross were not founded to destroy the Denarians. We were founded to save them from the Fallen. It is therefore my duty to help you in whatever way I can. I can help you discard the coin if that is what you wish to do. It’s best if you choose to do it yourself.”

“I don’t need to discard it, actually,” I said. “I haven’t really taken the coin up. I buried it. Never used it.”

Michael looked surprised. “No? That is good news, then. Though it means that the Fallen’s shadow is still attempting to persuade you, I take it?”

This time the mental chuckle was a little more clear. I thought Oh, shut up very hard and sent it in Lasciel’s direction.

“Trying,” I said.

“Keep in mind that Lasciel is a deceiver,” he said quietly. “One with thousands of years of practice. It knows people. It knows how to tell you lies you want to believe are true. But it exists for a single purpose—to corrupt the will and beliefs of mankind. Don’t ever forget that.”

I shuddered. “Yeah.”

“May I ask what it’s told you?” He paused and narrowed his eyes. “No, wait. Let me guess. It’s appeared to you as an attractive young woman. She offers you knowledge, yes? The benefit of her experience.”

“Yeah.” I paused and added, “And Hellfire. Makes my spells hit harder when I need them to. I try not to use it much.”

Michael shook his head. “Lasciel isn’t called the Temptress for nothing.

She knows you. Knows what to offer you and how to offer it.”

“Damn right she does.” I paused a moment, then added, “It scares me sometimes.”

“You’ve got to get rid of the coin,” he said with gentle urgency.

“Love to,” I said. “How?”



“Give up the coin of your own will. And set aside your power. If you do, Lasciel’s shadow will dwindle with it and waste away.”

“What do you mean, set aside my power?”

“Walk away from your magic,” he said. “Forsake it. Forever.”

“Fuck that.”

He winced and looked away.

The rest of the trip to his home passed in silence. When we got there, I told Michael, “Molly’s stuff is back at my place. I’d like to take her back there to get it. I need to have a talk with her, tonight, while everything is fresh.

I’ll have her back here in a couple of hours, tops.”

Michael glanced at his sleeping daughter with a worried frown, but nodded.

“Very well.” He got out and shut the door, then leaned back in the window to speak to me. “May I ask you two things?”

“Shoot.”

He glanced back at his house and said, “Have you ever considered the possibility that the Lord did not send me out on my most recent mission so that I could protect my daughter? That it was not His intention to use you to protect her?”

“What’s your point?”

“Only that it is entirely possible, Harry Dresden, that this entire affair, beginning to end, is meant to protect you. That when I went to the aid of Luccio and her trainees, I did so not to free Molly, but to prevent you from coming to blows with the Council. That her position as your new apprentice had less to do with protecting her than it did protecting you?”

“Eh?” I said.

He glanced at his daughter. “Children have their own kind of power. When you’re teaching them, protecting them, you are more than you thought you could be. More understanding, more patient, more capable, more wise.

Perhaps this foster child of your power will do the same for you. Perhaps it’s what she is meant to do.”



“If the Lord was all that interested in helping out, how come he didn’t send someone to help me against Cassius? One of old Nick’s personal yes-men?

Seems to be a solid rescue scenario.” Michael shrugged and opened his mouth. “And don’t give me any of that mysterious ways tripe.” He shut his mouth and smiled. “It’s a confusing sort of thing,” he said.

“What is?”

“Life. I’ll see you in a couple of hours.” He offered me his hand. I shook it.

“I don’t know of another way to end Lasciel’s influence, but that doesn’t mean there isn’t one out there. If you should change your mind about the coin, Harry, if you want to get rid of it, I promise that I’ll be there for you.”

“Thank you,” I said, and meant it.

His expression grew more sober. “And if you should fall to temptation. If you should embrace the Fallen or become ensnared by its will…” He touched the hilt of the great sword, and his face became bedrock granite, Old Testament determination that made Morgan’s fanaticism look like a wisp of steam. “If you change. I will also be there.” Fear hit me in a cold wave. Holy crap.

I swallowed, and my hands shook on the Beetle’s steering wheel. There wasn’t any attempt at menace in Michael’s voice, or his face. He was simply stating a fact.

The mark on my palm burned, and for the first time I gave serious consideration to the notion that maybe I was overconfident of my ability to deal with Lasciel. What if Michael was right? What if I screwed something up and wound up like that poor bastard Rasmussen? A demonically supercharged serial killer?

“If that happens,” I told him, and my voice was a dry whisper, “I want you to.”

I could see in his eyes that he didn’t like the thought any more than I did—but he was fundamentally incapable of being anything less than perfectly honest with me. He was my friend, and he was worried. If he had to do harm to me, it would rip him apart.



Maybe the words had been his own subconscious way of begging me to get rid of the coin. He could never stand aside and do nothing while bad things happened, even if meant that he had to kill his friend.

I could respect that. I understood it, because I couldn’t do it, either. I couldn’t stand aside, abandon my magic, and cut myself loose of the responsibility to use it for good.

Not even if it killed me.

Life can be confusing. Good God, and how. Sometimes it seems like the older I get, the more confused I become. That seems ass-backwards. I thought I was supposed to be getting wiser. Instead, I just keep getting hit over the head with my relative insignificance in the greater scheme of the universe. Confusing, life.

But it beats the hell out of the alternative.

I went back to my place. I let the kid sleep until we got there, and then touched her shoulder with one hand. She jerked awake at once, blinking in weary confusion.

“Where are we?” she asked.

“My place,” I said. “We need to talk.”

She blinked her eyes several more times and then nodded. “Why?”

“Because you need to understand something. Come on.”

We got out of the car. I led her down the steps to my door and said, “Come stand next to me.” She did. I took her left hand and told her, “Spread your fingers and close your eyes.” She did that too. I held her left palm up about two inches from the door. “Now, focus. See what you can feel.”

Her face scrunched up. “Um,” she said, shifting her weight back and forth restlessly. “There’s… pressure? Um, or maybe a buzzing. Like high-power lines.”

“Close enough,” I said, and released her wrist. “What you’re sensing are some of the energies that I used to ward my apartment. If you try to come in without disabling them, you’ll take a jolt of electricity that wouldn’t leave much more of you than a smudge on the ground.”



She blinked at me, then twitched and pulled her hand sharply away.

“I’ll give you an amulet that will let you get through, until I’m sure you can disable them, go in, and start them up again. But for tonight, just don’t try to open the door. In or out. Okay?”

“Okay,” she said quietly.

We went in. My cleaning service had come through. Molly had left a bag with clothes and sundries spread over half of one of my apartment’s couches. Now the bag was neatly closed, and suspiciously nonbulgy. I’m sure the cleaning service had folded and organized the bag so that everything fit in without strain.

Molly looked around, blinking. “How does your maid get in?”

“I don’t know what you mean,” I said, because you can’t talk about faerie housekeepers or they go away. I pointed at the couch next to her bag and said, “Sit.”

She did, though I could tell that my peremptory tone did not thrill her.

I sat down in a chair across from the couch. As I did, Mister drifted in from the bedroom and promptly wound himself around one of Molly’s legs, purring a greeting.

“Okay, kid,” I said. “We survived. I only had some very limited plans to cover this contingency.”

She blinked at me. “What?”

“I didn’t think I’d pull this off. I mean, raiding a faerie capital? Standing up to the Senior Council? All those movie monsters? Your mom? Hell, I’m shocked I survived at all, much less got you out of it.”

“B-but…” She frowned. “You never seemed like… I mean, you just went through it all like you had everything under control. You seemed so sure what was going to happen.”

“Rule number one of the wizarding business,” I said. “Never let them see you sweat. People expect us to know things. It can be a big advantage.

Don’t screw it up by looking like you’re as confused as everyone else. Bad for the image.”



She smiled at me a little. “I see,” she said. She reached down to stroke Mister and mused, “I must look horrible.”

“Been a rough day,” I said. “Look. We’ll need to talk about where you’re going to live. I take it that you had already decided to break things off with Nelson. I kind of picked up that vibe when we bailed him out.”

She nodded.

“Well. Inappropriate to stay with him, then. To say nothing of the fact that he’s going to need time to recover.”

“I can’t stay at home,” she said quietly. “After all that’s happened… and my mom will never understand about the magic. She thinks it’s all bad, every bit of it. And if I’m there, it’s just going to confuse and frighten all the little Jawas, Mom and me arguing all the time.”

I grunted and said, “You’ll have to stay somewhere. We’ll work that out soonest.”

“All right,” she said.

“Next thing you need to know,” I said. “As of now, you get no slack. You aren’t allowed any mistakes. You don’t get to say ‘oops.’ The first time you screw up and slip deeper into bad habits, it kills both of us. I’m going to be tough on you sometimes, Molly. I have to be. It’s as much for my survival as yours. Got it?”

“Yes,” she said.

I grunted, got up, and went to my tiny bedroom. I rooted around in my closet and found an old brown apprentice robe one of the shiny new Wardens had left at my place after a local meeting. I brought it out and handed it to Molly. “Keep this where you can get to it. You’ll be with me at any Council meetings, and it is your formal attire.” I frowned and rubbed at my head. “God, I need aspirin. And food. You hungry?”

Molly shook her head. “But I’m a mess. Do you mind if I clean up?”

I eyed her and sighed. Then I said, “No. Go ahead and get it out of the way.” I stood up and went to the kitchen, muttering a minor spell and flicking several candles into light, including one near the girl. She took the robe and the candle, grabbed her bag, and vanished into my room.



I checked the icebox. The faeries usually brought some kind of food to stock the icebox and the pantry when they cleaned, but they could have mighty odd ideas about what constituted a healthy diet. One time I’d opened the pantry and found nothing but boxes and boxes and boxes of Froot Loops. I had a near-miss with diabetes, and Thomas, who never was quite sure where the food came from, declared that I had clearly been driven Froot Loopy.

Usually it wasn’t that bad, though there was always a high incidence of frozen pizza, for which my housekeepers maintained the ice in my icebox with religious fervor. I often left most of a pizza lying around uneaten when I figured they’d be coming to visit, and thus continued my policy of shamelessly bribing my way into the Little Folk’s good graces.

I was too tired to cook anything, and nothing was going to taste good anyway, so I slapped several hot dogs between two pieces of bread along with a couple of lettuce leaves and wolfed them down.

I got out some of my ice and dumped it in a pitcher, then filled the pitcher up. I got down a glass and filled it with ice water. Then I and my glass and my pitcher moseyed over to my fireplace. I set the pitcher on the mantel, idly flipped the neatly laid fire to life with my ignition spell, and then waited for the inevitable while sipping cold water and staring down at the fire. Mister kept me company from his spot on top of a bookcase.

It took her a little while to work up to it, but not as long as I had expected.

My bedroom door opened and Molly appeared.

She had showered. Her candy-colored hair hung limp and clinging. She’d washed away the makeup entirely, but there were spots of pink high on her cheeks that I figured had little to do with cosmetics. The various piercings I could see caught the firelight in a deep, burned orange glow. She was also barefoot. And wearing her brown robe. I arched an eyebrow at her and waited.

She flushed more deeply and then walked over to me, quite slowly, until she stood not a foot away.

I gave her nothing to work with. No expression. No words. Just silence.

“You looked into me,” she whispered quietly. “And I looked into you.”



“That’s how it works,” I confirmed in a quiet, neutral voice. She shivered.

“I saw what kind of man you are. Kind. Gentle.” She looked up and met my eyes. “Lonely. And…” She flushed a shade pinker. “And hungry. No one has touched you in a very long time.”

She lifted a hand and put it on my chest. Her fingers were very warm, and a rippling flush of purely biological reaction bypassed my silly brain and raced through me in a wave of pleasure—and need. I looked down at Molly’s pale hand. Her palm glided over my chest, barely touching, a slow, focused circle. I felt faintly disgusted with myself for my reaction. Hell. I’d known this kid before she’d had to worry about feminine hygiene products.

I managed to thwart my hormones’ lobby to start growling or drooling, but my voice had gotten a shade or two huskier. “Also true.”

She looked up at me again, her eyes wide and deep and blue enough to drown in. “You saved my life,” she said, and I heard her voice shaking.

“You’re going to teach me. I…” She licked her lips and moved her shoulders. The brown robe slipped down them to the floor.

The tattoo that began on her neck went all the way down to her pierced navel. She had several other studs and fine rings in places I had suspected (but never confirmed) they would be. She shivered and took swifter breaths.

The firelight played merrily with her shifting contours.

I’d seen better. But mostly that had been from someone using her looks to get something out of me, and the difference had largely been one of presentation. Molly didn’t have much experience in displaying herself for a man, or in playing the coquette. She should have stood differently, arched her back, shifted her hips, worn an expression of thickly sensual interest, daring me to come after her. She would have looked like the patron goddess of corrupted youth.

Instead, she stood there, uncertain and frightened and too naive (or maybe honest) to be anything but totally sincere—and vulnerable. She was afraid, uncertain, the lost princess helpless in a dark wood.

It was worse than if she’d vamped onto me like a trained courtesan. What I saw in her was honest and hopeful, trusting and terrified. She was real, and fragile and precious. My emotions got together with my glands and they ganged up on me, screaming that she needed acceptance and that the kindest thing I could possibly do would be to give her a hug and tell her everything was going to be all right—and that if something followed, who would blame me?

I would. So I just watched her with a straight face.

“I want to learn from you,” she said. “I want to do everything I can to help you. To thank you. I want you to teach me things.”

“What things?” I asked in a quiet, measured tone.

She licked her lips. “Everything. Show me everything.”

“Are you sure?” I asked her.

She nodded, her eyes huge, pupils dilated until only a bare ring of blue remained around them.

“Teach me,” she whispered.

I touched her face with the fingers of my right hand. “Kneel down,” I told her. “Close your eyes.”

Trembling, she did, her breathing becoming faster, more excited.

But that stopped once I picked up the pitcher of ice water from the mantel and dumped it over her head.

She let out a squeal and fell over backward. It took her maybe ten seconds to recover from the shock of the cold, and by then she was gasping and shivering, her eyes wide with surprise and confusion—and with some kind of deep, heavy pain.

I faced her and squatted down onto my haunches to meet her eyes. “Lesson one. This isn’t going to happen, Molly,” I said in exactly the same calm, gentle voice. “Get that through your head right now. It isn’t ever going to happen.”

Her lower lip trembled, and she bowed her head, shoulders shaking.

I gave myself a mental kick in the head and snagged a blanket from the couch. I went to her and wrapped it around her shoulders. “Get over by the fire and warm up.”



It took her a moment to collect herself, but she did. She hunched her shoulders beneath the blanket, shivering and humiliated. “You knew,” she said in a shaking voice. “That I would… do this.”

“I was pretty sure,” I agreed.

“Because of the soulgaze,” she said.

“Nothing to do with that, really,” I replied. “I figured there had to be a reason that you didn’t come to me for help when you came into your powers. I figure you’ve been interested in me for a while. That you wouldn’t want to come up to your favorite rock star and start fumbling around on a guitar so that the first thing he thinks about you is that you’re incompetent.”

She shivered and blushed even more. “No. It wasn’t like that…”

Sure it was. But I’d hammered her hard enough for the time being. “If you say so,” I answered. “Molly, you may fight with your mom like cats and dogs, but the two of you are more alike than you know.”

“That’s not true.”

“It’s trite but true that a lot of young women look for a man who reminds them of their dad. Your dad fights monsters. I fight monsters. Your dad rescued your mom from a dragon. I rescued you from Arctis Tor. Seeing the pattern here?”

She opened her mouth and then frowned at the fire—not an angry frown. A pensive one.

“Plus, you’ve just been scared real good. You don’t have any place to stay.

And I’m the guy who is trying to help you.” I shook my head. “But even if there wasn’t magic involved, it still wouldn’t happen. I’ve done some things I’m not proud of. But I’m never going to take advantage of your trust.

“What we’re going to have is not a relationship of equals. I teach. You learn. I tell you to do something, you damned well do it.”

A touch of sullen teenager-ness gleamed in her eyes.



“Don’t even think it,” I said. “Molly, getting pierced and dyed and tattooed just because you want to break the rules is one thing. But what we’re dealing with now isn’t the same thing. A botched dye job affects you. You botch the use of magic and someone—maybe a lot of someones—gets hurt.

So you do what I say, when I say it, and you do it because you don’t want to kill someone. Or you can die. That was our deal, and you agreed to it.”

She said nothing. Her anger had faded from her face, but that sullen trace of rebellion remained.

I narrowed my eyes, clenched my fist, and hissed a single word. The fireplace flared up in a sudden, fiery cyclone. Molly flinched back from it, one arm lifted to protect her eyes.

When she lowered it, I was hunkered down right in her face. “I’m not your parents, kid,” I said. “And you don’t have time to play teenage rebel anymore. This is the deal. You do what I say or you don’t survive.” I leaned closer and gave her the look I usually save for rampaging demons and those survey people at malls. “Molly. Is there any doubt in your mind—any doubt at all—that I can’t damn well make you do it?”

She swallowed. The hard knot of defiance in her eyes suddenly shattered like a diamond struck at precisely the correct angle, and she shivered in the blanket. “No, sir,” she said in a tiny voice.

I nodded at her. She sat there shivering and frightened, which had been the point of the exercise; to knock her off balance while she was still unsteady from recent events and drive home the notion of what she faced. It was absolutely necessary that she understand how things had to play out until she got her power under control. Anything less than willing cooperation would kill her.

But it was hard to remember that, staring down at her as she shivered and stared at the fire, its light turning tears to gold on her cheeks.

Heartbreaking, really. She was still so damned young.

So I crouched down and gave her that hug. “It’s all right to be scared, kid.

But don’t worry. Everything’s going to be all right.”

She leaned against me, shivering. I let her for a moment, and then got up and said, “Get dressed and get your things.”



“Why?” she asked.

I arched an eyebrow at her. She flushed, took the robe, and hurried back into the bedroom. I had my coat on and was ready to go when she was. I led her out to the car and we took off.

“Can I ask you a question?”

