

Twenty-one


			I rolled back up to the slaughterhouse just before the rented town car’s transmission gave out on me altogether.

			It sort of cheered me up, actually. I hadn’t wrecked a car with my wizardliness in a long time. And it just couldn’t have happened to a nicer guy’s rental vehicle. For a moment, I felt a sudden, sharp pining for my old Volkswagen, which made about as much sense as anything else I’d been doing that day. The Blue Beetle had been uncomfortable and cramped and it had smelled a bit odd, not to mention that it was put together from the cannibalized scraps of a bunch of other late-sixties VWs—and I must have looked absolutely ridiculous crouched behind its wheel. But it had been my car, and while it hadn’t run like a race car, it did run, most of the time.

			Suck it, rental town car. The built-in talking GPS computer hadn’t lasted two blocks.

			“Jordan!” I boomed as I came in. I tossed a paper bag with a couple of cheeseburgers in it at the Denarian squire. “Chow down, buddy. They’re hot, so don’t let the cheese burn your ton— Oh, right. Sorry.”

			Jordan scowled at me and fumbled with the bag and his shotgun until he managed to balance the two. I clapped him on the shoulder in a genial fashion and rolled on by. I pointed at the guard at the next post and said, “You don’t get cheeseburgers. You didn’t say nice things to me like Jordan did.”

			The guard glowered at me in silence, of course. It was an act. No one could resist my bluff and manly charisma. In his heart of hearts, he wanted to be friends with me. I just knew it.

			As I descended to the floor of the slaughterhouse, Karrin looked up from a long worktable absolutely covered in guns. She tracked my entrance, her expression touched with both wariness and . . . a certain amount of incredulity.

			“Harry?” she asked, as I came down the last few steps.

			“Who else would I be?” I asked. “Except that jerk Grey, except he’s too busy being Harvey to be me.” I took another paper bag from Burger King and plopped it down in front of Karrin, then dumped the loaded duffel I’d picked up from a military surplus store off where it hung over my shoulder. “Figured you might be hungry.”

			She eyed the fast-food bag. “I’m not sure I’m that hungry.”

			“Whoa, whoa, hold on there, Annie Oakley. You did not just say that,” I said. “Not right to my face.”

			A slow smile spread over her mouth and reached her eyes. “Harry.”

			“I . . .” I exhaled. The talk with Michael had made me feel about twenty tons lighter, at least on the inside. “Yeah. I guess maybe it is.” I felt my own smile fade. “Harvey’s dead.”

			Her face sobered and her eyes raked over me, stopping on my arm. “What happened?”

			“Polonius Lartessa showed up with a squad of soldier-ghouls and whacked him,” I said. “Unless maybe it was Deirdre who did it. Or Grey. I had ghouls all over my face when it happened.”

			“Who took care of your arm for you?”

			“A good man,” I said.

			She stared at me for a moment and then her eyebrows lifted. “Oh,” she said. Her eyes glittered. “Oh. That explains some things, then.”

			“Yeah,” I said, bouncing my weight lightly on my toes. “The point being, someone’s trying to screw with the job before we even get going.”

			“What a crime,” Karrin said.

			I grunted. “If Tessa’s trying to stop Nicodemus, I’ve got to wonder why.”

			“She’s married to him?” she suggested drily.

			“That’s vengeance-worthy, all right,” I said. “But . . . I don’t know. I hate working in the dark.”

			“So what’s the move?”

			I chewed my lip and said, “Nothing’s changed for us. Except . . .”

			“Except what?” she asked.

			“Except someone’s going down for Harvey before this is done,” I said.

			“Yeah,” she said. “I can get behind that.”

			I took a long look at the table. “Uzis,” I noted.

			“They’re a classic,” Karrin said. “Simple, reliable, durable, and not assault rifles.”

			That was good for the innocent bystanders of Chicago. Pistol ammunition wasn’t nearly as good at flying through an extraneous wall or ten and killing some poor sap sitting in his apartment two blocks away. Which wasn’t to say that they weren’t insanely dangerous—just less so than a bunch of AK-47s would have been. Nicodemus wasn’t doing that to be thoughtful. Either he’d bought what was available, or else he had a reason to cause only limited collateral damage.

			“Can Binder’s goons handle them?” she asked.

			“I assume so,” I said. “They seemed to take to guns pretty easily the last time. Check with Binder on it.”

			“Check with Binder on what?” asked Binder, appearing from farther down the factory floor. He was carrying a sandwich in one hand, a cup of what might have been tea in the other.

			“Speak of the devil and he appears,” I said.

			Binder sketched me a courtly little bow, rolling his sandwich as he did.

			“Your . . . people,” Karrin said. “Do they know how to handle an Uzi or do they need some kind of orientation?”

			“They’ll be fine,” he said, his tone confident, even cocky. “Don’t ask them to fieldstrip and repair one, or for witty banter before they shoot, but for trigger work or reloading they’re golden.” His sharp, beady little eyes landed on my arm in its splint. “Does someone not know how to play well with others?”

			His eyes went from me to start flicking around the slaughterhouse. I could all but see the calculation going on in his head. One Harry, no Deirdre, no Grey.

			“They’re fine,” I said. “We ran into some opposition around the accountant.”

			“Bookmark,” Binder said, holding up two fingers. He turned and retreated, wolfing down his sandwich, and returned a moment later with Hannah Ascher in tow. Ascher had ditched her sweater in favor of a tank top, and she looked as if she’d just come off a treadmill. She was breathing lightly and her skin was sheened with sweat. There were bits of ash stuck in the fine hairs of her forearms and smudging one cheek. Like every other look I’d seen on her, it was an awfully intriguing one—easily translated to let a fellow imagine what she might look like during . . .

			“Right, then,” Binder said. “Resume.”

			“We staked out the accountant,” I said. “Nicodemus’s wife showed up with a crew of ghouls and went after him. The accountant was killed.”

			“The wife did it?” Ascher asked.

			“Women,” Binder said scornfully.

			Karrin and Ascher both eyed him.

			He folded his arms. “I’m a century older than any of you sprats,” he said. “I’ll stand by that.”

			“I’m pretty sure I didn’t kill Harvey,” I said. “My gut says it wasn’t Grey. Other than that, your guess is as good as mine.”

			“Eh?” Binder said, nodding toward me conspiratorially. “Women.”

			Karrin gave me a very level look.

			I coughed. “The female of the species is deadlier than the male?”

			She snorted, and picked up the next Uzi in the row.

			“I don’t understand. Why would Nicodemus’s wife be trying to sabotage him?” Ascher asked.

			“Maybe she wants to cop the job,” Binder said wistfully. “Lot of money.”

			“Nah,” I said. “Money isn’t her thing.”

			“’Fraid you’d say that,” he said. “Personal?”

			“Let’s just say that ‘dysfunctional’ doesn’t even come close to that family.”

			“Bloody hell,” Binder said. “Why does everyone have to get bloody personal? No bloody professional pride anymore.” He glowered at me. “Present bloody company included.”

			“Language,” Ascher said, wincing.

			“Sod off,” he said. “Where’re Deirdre and Grey?”

			“Grey’s doubling the accountant,” I said. “No clue about Deirdre.”

			Binder made a growling sound.

			“Hey,” Ascher said. “Has anyone else been keeping track of how many goats are in the pen?”

			“Eight,” said Karrin and Binder together.

			I did a rough calculation. “It’s eating one goat at every meal.”

			That got me a round of looks.

			I shrugged. “Something’s here. It stands to reason.”

			Ascher and Binder both looked around the factory floor. Ascher folded her arms as if she’d suddenly become cold.

			“Big,” Karrin noted calmly. “If it eats that much.”

			“Yeah,” I said.

			“And quiet.”

			“Yeah.”

			“And really, really fast.”

			Binder shook his head. “Bloody hell.”

			“What is it?” Ascher said.

			“Could be a lot of things,” Binder said. “None of them good.” He squinted at me. “Muscle, you think?”

			“Maybe where we’re going, we need something with that kind of physical power,” I said.

			Ascher scowled. “Or maybe it’s there to clean us up after the job.”

			“We wouldn’t have been given a chance to become aware of it if that was the case,” Karrin said.

			“Unless that’s what Nicodemus wants us to think,” Binder said.

			Us. I liked the sound of that. The more people I could incline against pitching in on Nicodemus’s side when it all hit the fan, the better. “Let’s not go down that rabbit hole,” I said. “We’ve got problems enough without adding in paranoia.”

			“Too right,” Binder said. “Job worth twenty million each, with an invisible monster nipping about the place and a psychotic ex trying to bugger us out of tweaking the nose of a bloody Greek god. What have we got to be paranoid about?”

			“Look,” I said, “at the best, it means Nicodemus isn’t telling us everything.”

			“We knew that already,” Ascher said.

			I shrugged a shoulder in acknowledgment of that. “At worst, it means someone on the inside is giving information to some kind of opposition.”

			Ascher narrowed her eyes. “That’s rich, coming from the opposition.”

			I waved a hand. “At this point, I’m playing the game. I’ll get in and out again, because if I don’t, Mab is going to have my head.” Well, technically, she’d have the splattered pieces, but they didn’t need the details. “I’m not looking to derail the train before then.”

			Ascher looked skeptical. Binder looked pensive. Karrin finished her inspection of the next Uzi and picked up another one.

			“Ash-my-girl,” Binder said, and jerked his head toward the other end of the factory floor.

			She nodded, and the two of them moved off, walking close and speaking quietly.

			Karrin watched them go, and then asked me, “What do you think they’re talking about?”

			“Same as us,” I said. “Wondering when someone’s going to pull the rug out from underneath them, and how they’re going to get out of it in one piece.”

			“Or maybe thinking about doing a little pulling themselves,” she said.

			“Or maybe that,” I said. “But . . . they won’t do it until after they’ve got their packs loaded with jewels.”

			“How do you figure?”

			“Binder,” I said. “He’s a mercenary, plain and simple.”

			“Unless that’s what he wants us to think,” Karrin said.

			“Unless that,” I said. I exhaled slowly. “This whole thing,” I said, “is going to come down to guessing who isn’t what they look like.”

			“Who is?” Karrin asked, her hands moving surely over the weapon. “Ever.”

			“Point,” I said. “But it’s going to be about guessing motivations. Whoever’s done a better job of figuring out what the other wants wins.”

			Her mouth quivered at the corners. “Then we might be in trouble. Because your motivations have . . . never exactly been mysterious, Harry.”

			“Not to you,” I said. “To someone like Nicodemus, I must seem like an utter lunatic.”

			Karrin let out a short laugh. “You know what? I think you’re probably right.” She manually cycled the action of the Uzi, caught the round as it was ejected, then put the weapon down and nodded. “That’s it. Forty of them.”

			I grunted. “Didn’t some biblical guy have forty soldiers to take on an army or something?”

			“Gideon. He had three hundred.”

			“I thought that was the Spartans.”

			“It was also the Spartans,” Karrin said. “Except that they had about four thousand other Greeks there with them in addition to their three hundred.”

			“Three hundred makes a better movie. Who had forty guys, then?”

			“You’re thinking of how many days and nights it rained on Noah’s ark.”

			“Oh,” I said. “I was sure somebody had forty guys.”

			“Ali Baba?”

			“He didn’t have forty guys,” I said. “He ripped off forty guys.”

			“Maybe you’re remembering cartoons again,” Karrin said.

			“Probably,” I said. I stared down at the guns. “Forty of those demon suit guys. With Uzis.”

			She grimaced. “Yeah. Gonna take me maybe three hours just to load all the clips.”

			“What kind of target is tough enough that it needs forty demon soldiers with submachine guns to assault?”

			Karrin shook her head. “Military installation?”

			I grunted.

			“You don’t plan for this many guns if you don’t intend to use them,” Karrin said. “If it comes down to Binder’s goons shooting people . . .”

			“We sure as hell don’t stand around and watch it happen,” I assured her.

			She nodded. “Good.” She twisted her mouth in distaste. “Won’t that upset Mab, if you bail out?”

			“Her Royal FreezePop-iness can get upset—but if she claims to be surprised, I’ll laugh in her face.”

			“But it could mean she kills you,” she said quietly.

			“Could mean she tries,” I said, aiming for cocky and confident.

			Karrin looked away, the motion a little too sharp. She didn’t go so far as to need to blink tears from her eyes or anything, but for a moment she looked about ten years older. She nodded. It looked like she wanted to say something.

			“Karrin?” I asked.

			She shook her head once and said, “I’ve got to get these clips loaded.”

			“Want help?”

			“Sure.”

			We set to the task of loading a hundred and twenty thirty-two-round magazines with 9mm rounds. Thirty eight hundred bullets or so. Even with speed-loading tools, it took a while, and we worked in companionable silence, broken occasionally by the passing guard or an increasingly gentle, intermittent series of whumping sounds that came from the far end of the factory floor—Ascher, presumably, practicing her breaching spell.

			Just as we were finishing up, bootsteps came from the opposite direction and I looked up to see Nicodemus marching toward us, a pair of his squires tromping along behind him. Deirdre walked beside him, in her human form, her expression unfriendly and otherwise unreadable.

			“Weapons ready?” he asked Karrin, without stopping.

			“All set.”

			“Excellent. Conference table, please.”

			“Why?” I asked. My left hand hadn’t been good for much beyond holding the magazine as I loaded rounds, and the fingertips of my right hand felt raw.

			Nicodemus went on by and glanced over his shoulder at me, his eyes lingering on my splint. “Grey is back. It’s time to talk about our target.”





Twenty-two


			We gathered at the conference table again, and Anna Valmont slid into the seat beside me.

			“Hey,” I said. “How goes the grease job?”

			She eyed me and smiled faintly. “I am, in this crew, what is known as a grease man. A grease man is the person who can get you into someplace you otherwise couldn’t get into by yourself.” Her voice turned wry. “A grease job is something else.”

			“Right,” I said, narrowing my eyes, nodding. “Got it. So how goes the man greasing?”

			Valmont let out a shallow chuckle. “Got to admit, I wouldn’t mind being the first to take on one of those Fernucci monsters and win.”

			“Can you?”

			She nodded slowly. “I think it’s possible.”

			Grey sauntered in, looking exactly as he had that morning, and sat down at the table.

			“Order, please,” Nicodemus said, as Grey sat down next to Deirdre. “We’ll make this quick and then break for a meal, if that’s all right with everyone.”

			“All right with me,” Ascher drawled. She looked sweatier and more smudged than she had a few hours before, but her expression was unmistakably smug. “I’m ravenous.”

			“I know just what you mean,” Nicodemus said. “Deirdre?”

			Once more, Deirdre circled the table with folders that were labeled simply GOAL.

			“I’ve been meaning to ask,” I said. “Does this master plan of yours come with health coverage?”

			“Dresden,” Nicodemus said.

			“Because that kind of thing is getting to be more and more important. I mean, I know the government probably means well and all, but those people, honestly.”

			Nicodemus eyed me.

			“Life insurance seems like something that would be worthwhile, too.” I looked up at Ascher and winked. “Maybe we should strike until we get a whole-life policy.”

			Ascher flashed me a quick grin and said, “I’ve always thought that insurance was more or less betting against myself.”

			“Nah,” Binder said. “In my experience, you’re just playing the odds.”

			“Children,” Nicodemus said with a sigh, “shall we focus on the matter at hand?”

			“But I haven’t even had the chance to dip Deirdre’s pigtails in my inkwell,” I said.

			Deirdre glowered at me, her eyes glinting.

			“Fine,” I said, and subsided.

			“Each of you,” Nicodemus said, “brings something to the table that we need in order to reach our final destination. The manor of the Lord of the Underworld, Vault Seven.”

			“You mean Ha—”

			“Shall we not speak his name for the next twenty-four hours or so, please, Mr. Dresden?” Nicodemus said in a pained tone. “Unless you prefer him to be ready and waiting for all of us, including yourself? Granted, the likelihood of him taking notice of any one of us, in particular, is vanishing small, but it seems prudent to take a few simple steps.”

			“Whatever,” I said. I thought he was being pretty fussy. What with books and movies using him as a character, and mythology courses being taught all over the world, I figured Hades got to hear his name spoken in one form or another tens if not hundreds of thousands of times every day.

			Each utterance of a powerful supernatural being’s name is . . . kind of like sending him a page, a ping for his attention. If I could have a phone that survived longer than an hour, and it tried to get my attention ten thousand times a day, I’d throw the damned thing into a hole. The big supernatural beings, especially the very humanlike Greek gods, probably reacted in much the same way. Odds were good that I could sit chatting for an hour or two and mention his name several times, yet he wouldn’t even notice my relative handful of pings among all the others. It took a deliberate and rhythmic repetition, usually at least three times, to really get a signal through the noise.

			But on the other hand . . . there was always the chance that Hades just might feel my utterance of his name and randomly decide to take a moment to pay attention. That probably wouldn’t be good. So despite giving Nicodemus lip, I shut up.

			“Once we gain entry to the Underworld vault . . . ,” Nicodemus began.

			I held up my hand and said, “Question?”

			Nicodemus’s left eye began to twitch.

			I didn’t wait for him to respond. “You’re planning on just jumping straight to the vault? Hell, not even Hercules could do that. It was kind of a journey to get in. There was a bit with a dog and everything. Do you really think we’re going to just hop right past all of the defenses around the realm of the king of the Underworld?”

			That got everyone’s attention, even Grey’s. They all looked at Nicodemus, interested in the answer.

			“Yes,” Nicodemus said in a flat tone.

			“Oh,” I said. “Just like that, eh?”

			“Once we’re inside the vault,” Nicodemus said, as if my question was not interesting enough to waste more time on, “there will be three gates between us and our goal. The Gate of Fire, the Gate of Ice, and the Gate of Blood.”

			“Fun,” I said.

			“Obviously,” Nicodemus said, “Ascher was chosen for her capability with fire. As the Winter Knight, you, Dresden, will obviously handle the Gate of Ice.”

			“Right,” I said. “Obviously. What about the Gate of Blood?”

			Nicodemus smiled pleasantly.

			Of course. Old Nick had probably spilled more blood than the rest of us in the room together, if you didn’t count Deirdre. “Exactly what does each of these gates entail?”

			“If I knew that,” Nicodemus said, “I’d not have bothered recruiting experts. Each of us will take point on our specific gate, with the rest of the team backing whatever play they decide is important. Once we’re through, we’ll be in the vault. It’s quite large. You’ll have a few minutes to gather whatever it is you feel you need to take with you. After that time, I’m leaving. Anyone who lags behind is on his or her own.”

			I held up my hand again, and didn’t bother waiting for a response. “What are you after?”

			“Excuse me?” Nicodemus asked.

			“You,” I said. “Vault Seven is awfully specific. And you don’t care much about money. So I have to wonder what’s in there that you are so interested in.”

			“That’s hardly your concern,” Nicodemus said.

			I snorted. “The hell it isn’t. We’re all sticking our necks out—and if things don’t go well, we might have an angry god on our tails. I want to know what’s worth that, other than the twenty million. After all, a lot of things could go wrong. Maybe you wind up dead, purely by someone else’s hand on the way in—maybe I want to grab that whatsit for myself.”

			There was a mutter of agreement from Binder, and nods from Karrin and Valmont. Even Ascher looked curious. Grey pursed his lips thoughtfully.

			“Should I fall, the rest of you will already be dead,” Nicodemus said calmly.

			“Indulge me,” I said. “This deal is already starting to stink. A reasonable person might walk based purely on what happened today.”

			That brought a low round of mutters, and Valmont asked, “What happened today?”

			I told her about Tessa and her ghouls and Deirdre and Harvey. That made Valmont’s lips compress into a line. She knew better than most what was left when a Denarian tore into a mortal, and two out of three possible suspects were Knights of the Coin.

			“That has no bearing on our mission,” Nicodemus said.

			“The hell it doesn’t,” I said. “I don’t know about the rest of you, but the last thing we need is his crazy ex jumping into things on some kind of vengeance kick.”

			“It’s not about that,” Nicodemus said.

			“Then what is it about?” I asked. “I dealt with the White Council my whole life, so I’m used to being treated like a mushroom—”

			“Eh?” Ascher asked.

			“Kept in the dark and fed bullshit,” Binder reported calmly.

			“Ah.”

			“—but this is going beyond the pale, even for me. You ask us to trust you about the plan to get into what should be an impenetrable vault. You ask us to trust you that our share will be waiting next to whatever it is you want. You ask us to trust you and believe that Tessa isn’t on some kind of jihad that will get us all killed, but won’t tell us what it is about.” I looked around the table at my criminal confederates. “Trust is kind of a two-way street, Nicodemus. It’s time to give something.”

			“Or you’ll do what, precisely?”

			“Or maybe we’ll all walk away from a bunch of empty promises without a sliver of proof to back them up,” I said.

			Nicodemus narrowed his eyes. “Dresden and his woman are obviously in accord,” he said.

			Karrin scowled.

			Nicodemus ignored her. “What about the rest of you?”

			“What he said,” Valmont said quietly.

			Ascher folded her arms, frowning.

			Binder sighed. “Twenty. Million. Quid. Think, girl.”

			“We can’t spend it if we’re dead from sticking our heads into a hole and getting them whacked off,” Ascher said firmly.

			Nicodemus nodded. “Grey?”

			Grey tented his fingertips in front of his lips for a moment and then said, “The personal aspect of this interference troubles me. A job of this sort requires pure professionalism. Detachment.”

			Binder made a nonverbal sound of agreement with Grey’s statements.

			“I will not walk away from a job once I’ve agreed to it—you know how I operate, Nicodemus,” Grey continued. “But I would sympathize if another professional of less ability and less rigid standards did so.”

			Nicodemus regarded Grey thoughtfully for a moment. “Your professional recommendation?”

			“The wizard has a point,” Grey said. “He is an annoying, headstrong ass, but he isn’t stupid. It would not be foolish for you to invest some measure of trust to balance what you ask for.”

			Nicodemus mused over that for a moment and then nodded his head. “One ought not hire an expert and then ignore his opinion,” he said. Then he turned to the rest of us. “Vault Seven contains, in addition to a standard division of gold and jewels, a number of Western religious icons. It is my intention to retrieve a cup from the vault.”

			“A wha’?” Binder asked.

			“A cup,” Nicodemus replied.

			“All this,” Binder said, “for a cup.”

			Nicodemus nodded. “A simple ceramic cup, something like a teacup, but lacking any handle. Quite old.”

			My mouth fell open and I made a choking sound at approximately the same time.

			Grey pursed his lips and let out a slow whistle.

			“Wait,” Ascher said. “Are you talking about what I think you’re talking about?”

			“Jesus, Mary, and Joseph,” Karrin said quietly.

			Nicodemus made a face in her direction. “Miss Murphy, please.”

			She gave Nicodemus a small, unpleasant smile.

			Binder clued in a second later. “The bloody Holy Grail? Is he bloody kidding?”

			Valmont turned to me, frowning. “That’s real?”

			“It’s real,” I said. “But it was lost more than a thousand years ago.”

			“Not lost,” Nicodemus corrected me calmly. “It was collected.”

			“The cup that caught the blood of Christ,” Grey mused. He eyed Nicodemus. “Now, what possible use could you have for that old thing?”

			“Sentimental value,” Nicodemus said with a guileless smile, and straightened the skinny strands of his grey tie. “I’m something of a collector of such artifacts myself.”

			The tie wasn’t a tie, unless you meant it in a very literal sense. It was a length of simple old rope, tied into the Noose—the one that Judas used to hang himself after betraying Christ, if I understood it correctly. It made Nicodemus all but unkillable. I didn’t know if anyone else in the world knew what I knew: that the Noose didn’t protect him from itself. I’d nearly strangled him with it the last time we’d crossed trails—hence his roughened voice.

			Grey didn’t look like he believed Nicodemus’s answer, but that hadn’t stopped him from being satisfied with it. He looked around the room and said, “There. You know more than you did. Is it enough?”

			“Tessa,” I said. “What’s her beef with you going after the Grail?”

			“She wants it for herself, of course,” Nicodemus said. “I’ll deal with Tessa before we launch. It won’t become an issue for the job. You have my personal guarantee.”

			Grey spread his hands. “There,” he said. “That’s good enough for me. Binder?”

			The stocky little guy screwed up his eyes in thought and nodded slowly. “Ash?”

			“All right,” Ascher said. “Sure. That’s enough for me, for now.”

			“But . . . ,” I began.

			Ascher rolled her eyes. “Oh, don’t be such a whiny little . . .” She turned to Binder. “Git?”

			“Git,” he confirmed.

			“Don’t be such a whiny little git, Dresden,” Ascher said. “I’m hungry.”

			The more I could force Nicodemus to bend, the more of his authority would drain away from him. The more someone else defended him, the more he would stockpile. Time to try another angle. “And you aren’t the only thing in here that is,” I said to Ascher, and pointed at the goat pen. “Before I go anywhere else, I want to know what’s been picking off the livestock.”

			“Ah,” Nicodemus said. “That.”

			“Yeah, that.”

			“Does it matter?”

