			He stared out at the night and the flames and the smoke, and at the remains on his front lawn. He nodded numbly.

			“Okay,” I said. “Come on. I need your help. We’re gonna get all these people into the castle they built at the old place. There’re people sitting on their asses there with nothing better to do than protect you guys. Okay?”

			The man looked numbly at the street, then at me. There was shock happening. He stared for a blank second and then nodded jerkily. “Castle. Get everyone in the castle.”

			“And hurry,” I said. “Oh, and never mind the Sasquatch. He’s with me.”

			“¿Qué?” said my neighbor.

			“Just roll with it,” I said. “Get them rounded up. Go!”

			He staggered toward a man who had emerged from the house across the street and was watching it burn. The two talked, then grabbed another neighbor. People started getting herded toward the castle.

			“Come on,” I said, “before Marcone does something stupid.”

			I strode forward, back to the castle, several yards ahead of the first stragglers to stumble that way. I marched up to the base of the wall where everyone had been observing things and shouted, “Marcone!”

			There was a muttered conversation above. Marcone leaned out and peered down at me a moment later. “What?”

			“These people need shelter,” I said. “Let ’em in.”

			Marcone glowered at me. His pale green eyes tracked past me to the stragglers coming in.

			“I am not a charitable organization,” he replied.

			“You want to be Lord of Chicago?” I spat, contempt in my voice. “Talk is cheap. Act like it.”

			Up on the wall, I saw Mab put a hand on Marcone’s arm in restraint and say something.

			Marcone locked eyes.

			With Mab.

			Then he simply looked at her hand and arched an eyebrow.

			Mab withdrew it, her eyes narrowed.

			Marcone inclined his head to her in a small bow and turned back to me.

			More Huntsmen let out shrieks. They were not in the distance. More of those howling blasts from their spears lanced through the night. I heard someone else scream, maybe a couple of blocks away.

			“Dammit, man!” I snarled.

			Marcone leaned an elbow on a merlon and considered me for a moment. Then the people again. He nodded his chin once.

			“Talk is cheap,” he confirmed. “Send them in.”

			I blinked.

			Marcone glared out at the smoking, howl-haunted, firelit night and clenched his jaw. The granite of the castle seemed less substantial. “Hendricks. Gard. With me.”

			Then the Lord of Chicago spun on his heel and went to see to his people.





Chapter





Ten



So, I and River Shoulders and the Einherjaren and Marcone’s troubleshooters started clearing the way for people to get to the castle. There were a number of short, vicious clashes with the enemy’s Huntsmen, and Marcone’s people acquitted themselves like professionals—which is to say that the fight never even came close to being fair.

			Even so, they had a couple of their people taken out with injuries, and the foe just kept coming—until one of the Einherjaren matter-of-factly started hanging up the flapping empty skins of the fallen foe across the street on a ghastly improvised clothesline.

			Once that gruesome warning marker was up on the streets surrounding the castle, the foe started giving the area a wider berth. Marcone got snipers onto the rooftops to handle anything that approached along the street, and they taught the enemy to keep back. It was all accomplished pretty much by the numbers.

			Of course, I noted, that was the point of sending out disposable light troops to attack the city: have them go everywhere, causing havoc, until someone started killing them. Then all Ethniu would have to do would be to go to wherever the bodies were piling up and engage the enemy—or she could avoid those areas and wreak havoc unopposed, throwing more and more troops between her and us while she smashed the place.

			It was a bloody price to pay for the map of the town’s defenses. Apparently they thought they could afford it.

			The Erlking himself came down to oversee the downing of a last towering Huntsman. A couple of the largest Einherjaren fought the thing with six-foot claymores and made a bloody mess of the street, laughing uproariously the entire time.

			I’m not kidding. Laughing. The freaking eternal soldiers were having a ball tonight. That poor lunkhead Lara had left unconscious in the basement was missing Viking Christmas.

			“So what’s the name of the place the Huntsmen are from again?” I asked.

			“Annuvin,” River Shoulders said. “Welsh Land of the Dead, ruled by Arawn, once upon a time. But the Tuatha settled his hash back in the day, just like Ethniu did poor Gwyn ap Nudd.”

			I had picked up one of their black metal spears. They felt cold and greasy to the touch, and just holding one made my joints ache a little. They quivered with a kind of stone-flake, primitive enchantment that had been shaped into them with hours of throbbing drumbeat and primal screams. “Some kind of iron alloy. I think the damned thing runs on hate. That’s how you shoot it. You’ve just got to hate hard enough.”

			“Seems about right,” River Shoulders rumbled. He had one hand wrapped around my forearm, my entire freaking forearm, gently. The other was braced against my chest—my entire chest. “Okay, on three. One,” he said, and he put my arm back into its socket.

			There was an explosion of static and then a bunch of the white noise cleared away. River Shoulders released me carefully and arched an eyebrow. I tried my shoulder. It functioned much more smoothly, and I nodded my thanks at him.

			“Yes,” agreed the Erlking, turning from the last throes of the fallen Huntsman. “It makes them easy to lure forward and impossible to drive away.” He paused to nudge the deflated remains of a Huntsman with the toe of one boot. “It is not possible to contain more than a handful of such creatures for any length of time. The enemy has been breeding this batch up of late.”

			I grimaced. “Yeah. They’ve been taking people since the Red Court fell.”

			“Now we know why,” River Shoulders said.

			“Wait,” I said, feeling sick. “They . . . breed more of these things from people? Or they make more of them from people?”

			“The process is . . . somewhat distasteful,” began the Erlking.

			“Wait,” I said again. “Stop. Just stop. I don’t want to know.”

			“This,” he said, “will not be the worst of it.”

			“Cheerful,” I said.

			He shrugged, hunting leathers creaking. “Incoming,” he noted calmly.

			A great grey owl swooped quickly down from the night air, backwinged in a thunder of feathers, and landed in a heap. The heap kind of quivered and then resolved itself into the shape of Listens-to-Wind. The old man shimmied his shoulders a little, then winced and rolled one arm while grasping at his shoulder with the other hand.

			“Need to do more yoga,” the old man muttered with a grimace. “Hey, River.”

			“Mobility routines are important for a human your age,” River Shoulders said, his tone clearly worried.

			Listens-to-Wind broke out into a boyish grin that took a couple of centuries off the old man’s weathered face. “Ain’t been your apprentice in a long time now, tanka.”

			“Never listened when you were.”

			“What of the enemy?” the Erlking asked.

			“Our boys getting hit pretty hard,” Listens-to-Wind said. “They got these gorilla-squid things—”

			“Octokongs,” I interjected.

			Everyone stopped to eye me.

			“Hey, it’s important to have specific language, isn’t it?” I complained. “I went to all the trouble to give them a usable nomenclature.”

			“And,” River Shoulders rumbled, “you named ’em octokongs, huh.”

			“It fits,” I said.

			“Fits,” Listens-to-Wind acknowledged.

			“Goofy-looking, right?” I said.

			“Goofy-looking and they can carry rifles and crawl on the sides of buildings,” Listens-to-Wind replied. “Hell of an advantage in a city. Things can’t shoot much, but if you get enough of them, they don’t have to be good. Plus, some teams of them fellas in turtlenecks are back there providing fire support. They sniping at anyone with a radio, trying to kill communications.”

			“That’ll be Listen,” I said. “King Turtleneck. Way I hear it, the enemy got good help.”

			“Annoying when they do that,” the Erlking noted.

			“About time we thought about going to help our people, if we’re going to go at all,” the old man said. “They’ll get cut off soon.”

			The Erlking nodded sharply and started walking. “Let us tell One-Eye.” Listens-to-Wind fell into pace beside the Erlking, who paused and then added, sotto voce, “If we go without him, you know how he gets.”

			“Lot of guys like that got control issues,” the old man opined. “To be expected.”

			“Kringle suits him better,” the Erlking muttered.

			“Kringle would suit anyone better. Even you.”

			The Erlking looked shocked.

			The two of them vanished back into the castle.

			A fire team of Einherjaren went by, escorting a stunned-looking group of civilians inside, where they would be waved through by the various sentries to the castle’s interior. Out in the night, there was a constant background of crackling gunfire and shrieks and the howling screams of those dark metal spears like the one I held—at least until it started flaking and turning to rust right in front of my eyes.

			There was more ambient light now. And more smoke.

			Chicago was burning.

			“How many can we fit in there, do you think?” River Shoulders asked me.

			“Well. We aren’t exactly worrying about fire codes right now,” I said. “Maybe three or four hundred if we pack them in?”

			“How many of your people, in this city?”

			“Eight million, all told,” I said heavily. “Give or take.”

			“Not much difference,” he said.

			I pointed at a couple of half-dressed parents with half a dozen kids in various stages of pajamas hurrying inside the squatting stone solidity of the castle. “Makes a pretty big difference to them.”

			The Sasquatch flashed a sudden, very wide, very white grin. It might have been charming from a safe distance. From right there, it was imposing as hell. “Yes,” he said. “That’s right.”

			“Stars and stones, River,” I said. “I’m glad you’re on my side.”

			“Means you got good taste,” the Sasquatch said. “Besides. You stood with me when I needed it.”

			“Yeah,” I said. “Those situations weren’t ever exactly of this magnitude.”

			“Be kind of a lousy friend, I counted the beans between us that close,” the Sasquatch said.

			I blinked at that. “Friend, huh.”

			“Helped me with my kid,” River Shoulders said. “With family. You been my friend. Now it’s my turn.” Again he showed me the terrifying smile. “Besides. This is kinda fun, eh?”

			I started to sputter. But instead I found myself just grinning back at him.

			Taking out a bunch of monsters and saving a bunch of people had damned right been fun. Terrifying and nightmare inducing and fun—and right.

			Hell’s bells, it felt good to be doing something I knew was right.

			I held up a fist.

			He eyed me for a moment. Then he made a fist and, carefully, bumped knuckles with me. The shock of it threatened to dislocate my shoulder again, but being all manly I didn’t make any high-pitched noises or anything. And you can’t prove otherwise.



* * *



			* * *

			The battle was a hell of a thing. I could hear it happening around me. I could still smell blood and death. I knew it was going on—but here, where we were strong, the enemy was keeping his distance for the time being. Occasionally, one of the snipers would fire a shot, generally to the sound of squealing screams in the distance.

			I wanted to be fighting. But that battle with the Huntsmen had convinced me that charging out there all blind and righteous would probably get me killed within half a dozen blocks or so, at best. Even with River Shoulders next to me, that had been a close one. What if a second pack had crashed in during that? Maybe it would have been my skin hanging up on a clothesline—and the plan to stop Ethniu would officially be over.

			I checked the coach gun. I’d recovered it and my revolver. I’d reloaded the trusty hogleg and strapped it back on. Dragon’s Breath rounds were rough on the weapons you fired them through, but the coach gun was as solid and simple a piece of American steel as you could find, and the barrels were short enough to make eventual heat warping a nonissue. It would serve me a while yet. I reloaded the weapon with a couple more Dragon’s Breath shells and slid it into its scabbard.

			There was the tromp of boots from the castle, and then Marcone came out, flanked by Gard and Hendricks and trailed by a column of heavily armed and armored Einherjaren, who immediately assembled in the street. A dozen ghouls came gamboling into the night after them, transformed into their half-bestial state, and armed and armored from the castle’s stores, blades and guns, mail and Kevlar, as they had chosen. They immediately loped into the night toward the lake, muzzles wide, tongues lolling and drooling.

			Our scouts. Ick.

			Lara came out next, dressed in a loose-fitting white garment of some kind, trailed by Riley and half a dozen of his professional shooters, and another half a dozen members of House Raith—which is to say a sort of dizzying vision of dark-haired and pale-skinned women who wore the same loose-fitting white garments, moved like leopards, and carried a variety of instruments of death. Lara went by with a glance and a smirk—and she and her people ghosted out into the shadows as our vanguard.

			The White Council emerged last, Ebenezar, Listens-to-Wind, and Cristos backed up by Ramirez and his squad, all in grey cloaks now, staves in hand, weapons strapped, ready for action. The old man headed straight for me and I rose to meet them.

			“Okay, Hoss,” he said. “Remember we’ve got three positions between here and the lake?”

			“Yeah,” I said.

			“Well, we’re heading for the opening between the northernmost two,” he said. “And Etri and his people, along with the Summer Lady and the rest of her gang, are heading for the gap on the south side. The idea is to force the Fomor to a stop so that they have to bring up their heavy troops if they want to advance.”

			I frowned. “I thought the idea was to wait until Ethniu revealed herself.”

			The old man grimaced. “If we don’t stop the advance,” he said, “the battle won’t get that far. It won’t need to. She’ll have won already.” He shook his head. “We have to force her to use the Eye to get through us.”

			“If they’ve got that many troops,” I said, “why should she? She can just grind us away.”

			“She doesn’t have time,” the old man said, his eyes glinting. “Mortal emergency response systems are already in motion. The National Guard is already mobilizing and on its way. They’ve got to bring up heavy equipment to clear the roads so they can get through, but they’ll be here by dawn. Maybe sooner.”

			“So,” I clarified, finding myself grinning irrationally, “we’re going to charge into the meat grinder as fast as we can to force her to hit us as hard as she can, and then hope that we can punch her lights out before the army gets here and starts killing everybody in sight.”

			“We . . .” Ebenezar sighed. “Aye, fair enough.”

			“Yippee,” I said. “That sounds like fun.”

			“Heh,” rumbled River Shoulders. “Heh, heh, heh.”

			The White Council suddenly looked very cautious to be standing in the proximity of the Sasquatch’s rumbling laugh.

			“Well,” I said to River Shoulders. “Shall we?”

			My grandfather lifted his eyebrows.

			“Sure,” River Shoulders said, and climbed to his feet, lightly for all his enormity. “Be good fun. Bigfoot versus octokongs.”

			“What?” asked Cristos, his handsome face confused.

			“You heard him,” I said. “Let’s go.”





Chapter





Eleven



So we moved out, into the smoke and the dark and the chaos, and the enemy did what the enemy always does. They showed up without calling ahead and screwed with our nice plan.

			We’d marched down to Montrose and turned east, heading down the streets at a trot. I found myself moving next to Ramirez, who grimaced and clenched his jaw and kept the pace with silent, pained determination until we got to Welles Park. The darkened buildings and looming shadows of the park could hold hundreds of enemies. We pulled up to wait for a moment while Lara’s people swept the place.

			Ramirez found a bench and eased onto it, gasping. I knelt next to him. We watched as people fleeing the chaos between here and the lake paced silently past us, eyes wide and haunted. They crossed to the other side of the street as they approached and realized that we were a large, armed group. I didn’t blame them. There was a goddamned Bigfoot standing on the corner, apparently examining a crosswalk pedestrian button in fascination.

			Chandler, Wild Bill, and Yoshimo joined us as a factor of natural gravity, and I watched Ramirez will the pain and weariness away before he addressed them.

			“So,” Ramirez said, without pausing, “the enemy’s northern arm came ashore at Montrose Beach. Lara’s mercenaries are to the north of us in Uptown. They were holding the line at Lake Shore Drive but they got pushed back to Sheridan. Marcone’s people are down south of us and they’re dug in around Wrigley. They’re holding. That’s funneling the enemy right into the space in the middle as they try to get around them. McCoy and the Senior Council are going to go stop them from doing that, and we’re going to swat any flies that bother them while they do.”

			“How’s your leg there, boss?” Wild Bill asked casually.

			“I can’t feel it,” Ramirez lied. “It’ll last the night.”

			“You are hurt,” Yoshimo said. That she had spoken at all was remarkable. Her Latin was flawless, her English only so-so, and she wasn’t the chatty type. “It is not appropriate for you to be entering battle.”

			“It is not ideal,” Ramirez agreed, still struggling to control his breathing. “But we need every hand on this one.”

			“If this don’t go so good and we have to skedaddle,” Wild Bill said, “you’re gonna be a little slow, Pancho. It could get dicey.”

			That was putting it mildly. Come time to run from a battle, the slow and wounded die. That’s just how it works.

			Ramirez just looked at Wild Bill, and said, with weary amusement, “I’m Spanish, not Mexican. You damned Texan.”

			Wild Bill put a hand on Ramirez’s shoulder and flashed him a wolfish grin.

			River Shoulders came over and dropped to his haunches next to me. That put him on an eye level with Chandler, standing. The dapper Brit eyed the Sasquatch with a bland expression and did not flinch. Much.

			“How do you do?” rumbled River Shoulders.

			“Well, thank you,” said Chandler, with the flawless, reflexive courtesy you only get from a finishing school. “I understand you and Harry have worked together before?”

			“Nah,” River Shoulders said. “He come and bailed me out a few times when I needed help.” He grinned. His teeth were very white. They stood out against the spatters of dark blood still on his fur. “But we did some good work tonight.”

			Chandler was too refined to take an intimidated step back. But he leaned.

			I had just retied one of my shoes when the order came back down the line from Ebenezar, who seemed to have de facto command of the group. Time to move ahead. I had just gotten moving again when there was a flash of violet light that streaked down the road, swept high over the group’s line, and plunged down toward me.

			“My lord!” piped Major General Toot-Toot. The little fae came to a wavering hover in the air before me and saluted, grinning fiercely at me. “There is knavery afoot!”

			“Talk to me, Major General,” I said, even as I broke into a jog to keep pace.

			“We didn’t see them until they got there! The foe has sneakily snucked a sneak attack behind our lines, like a sneaky sneak!”

			“What kind of sneak attack?”

			“The sneaky kind!” Toot-Toot shouted. “They used veils and got around behind the lines and now they’re in the park, and they are Up To Something!”

			I frowned. “What park?”

			“Up ahead!” Toot-Toot said. “On this road! You’ll go right past it!”

			My already quivery stomach got cold.

			“Toot,” I said, thinking furiously and drawing out the word. “That’s . . . not a park. That’s Graceland Cemetery.”

			And, dimly over the sound of all the footsteps in motion, I heard the thrumming thud of a large drum in the distance.

			My eyes widened.

			Hell’s bells.

			I broke out of line and sprinted ahead until I reached the old man’s side. “Hey,” I said. “You hear that?”

			Ebenezar glanced at me, frowning, but then turned his attention to the distance. “War drum?”

			“No,” I said grimly. “That’s coming from Chicago’s most notorious graveyard. Toot says they slipped in under veils.”

			“Necromancy,” he spat. “Stars and stones. How many zombies could they get out of it?”

			“About fifty hectares’ worth of zombies?” I said, a little exasperated. “A lot. And they’d swarm Marcone’s people in minutes.”

			The old man snarled. Necromancy is the gift that keeps on giving. The same spell that animated corpses could be expanded to sweep up freshly made bodies as well. New corpses weren’t as good for the work, but they’d be more than a match for the citizenry. It would mean death in a geometric progression.

			The old man scowled furiously for maybe half a minute. I let him think. It’s important to think when things are going crazy, if you want to take the smartest action to get them sane again.

			“Okay, Hoss,” he said heavily. “We don’t know how strong these practitioners are. But we know what’s going to happen to our allies if we don’t support them. So I’m taking the big guns ahead to relieve the pressure on the troops.”

			“Got it,” I said.

			He spoke in the slightly heavy tones of someone who is thinking through a problem as he speaks about it. “Practitioners means the Council needs to counter them. You’ve fought necromancers before. You’ve fought in that graveyard before. You’re the best person here for the work.” He grimaced and spat. “Dammit. You’ve got the job.”

			“Okay,” I said.

			“Take the Wardens and the Sasquatch.”

			There was a huge fluttering sound, and I let out a little shriek and flinched, and it took me a second to sort out that an absolutely enormous, shaggy old raven had swooped down and landed firmly on my shoulder.

			“Um,” I said.

			“Caw,” said the raven.

			Ebenezar scowled. “You are just damned useless in a military situation,” he said to the raven. “No discipline at all.”

			“Redneck!” cried the raven. “Caw!”

			Ebenezar waved a grumpy hand at the raven. “Fine. Take the Indian, too. Silence that drum.” He put a hand on my arm and met my eyes. “Hoss. Do not pull your punches tonight.”

			“That’s always been my biggest problem,” I said, spreading my hands. “All this restraint.”

			I broke away from him and dropped back to the rear, where Ramirez was laboring along while the other Wardens flanked him and kept worried expressions when he wasn’t looking.

			“Okay, kids,” I said. “We’ve got problems.”

			I explained the situation.

			“Yes!” Wild Bill said. “Necromancers!”

			I eyed him. “Seriously?”

			“I like shooting zombies,” he drawled. “That’s all. I got a patch and everything.”

			“Well, the idea is to stop them before they get the zombie horde rolling,” I said.

			“Aw,” he said, disappointed, “that ain’t half as much fun.”

			“Dammit, Bill.”

			“Yeah, yeah,” he said. “We’ll get it done.”

			“River,” I said.

			The Sasquatch nodded. “Can’t stand necromancers. Make the earth scream.”

			“We gotta move fast.” I nodded at Ramirez and winced. “Sorry about this, man.”

			Carlos looked from me to the Bigfoot. He was having enough trouble keeping up that he spoke in a gasp. “Dammit. Do it.”

			“Give him a hand?” I asked River.

			The Sasquatch promptly scooped Ramirez up. He could carry the man sitting on his palm under one arm with no more effort than a farmwife toting a basket of eggs.

			The raven on my shoulder squawked and took off into the night air.

			“All right, Toot,” I said. “Show me.”



* * *



			* * *

			Graceland is, in many ways, Chicago’s memory. The graves there mark the resting places of titans of industry, holy men, gangsters, politicians, near saints, and madmen and murderers. Tales of tragedy, of vast hubris, of bitter greed and steadfast love, are represented in the markers that stand over the graves of thousands. Statuary, mausoleums, even a small replica of an ancient Greek temple stand in stately silence over the lush green grass.

			And yet the walls around the cemetery are there for a reason. The shades of many of those folk walk the graveyard at night and are the source of thousands of whispered tales that make skin creep and flesh crawl.

			I’d been one of them once. I had a grave waiting for me in Graceland, kept open by force of whatever contract a deceased foe had prepared for me.

			There was no time to go around to the gates. We went over the wall of rough stone behind a large mausoleum and gathered in the sheltering darkness behind it. Toot descended to the ground, something I’d seen him do only occasionally, and the aura of light around him dimmed and went out.

			“This way, my lord!” Toot rasped in a low, dramatic tone. “They are near Inez’s statue.”

			I grunted. The statue was a local legend. It went missing from time to time, and it came back just as mysteriously. There were often sightings of a little girl in Victorian dress skipping among the headstones when the statue was gone. And I knew it had once been used as a conduit by Queen Mab, when her physical form had been busy keeping mine alive, just as the spirit of Demonreach had inhabited a statue of Death that dwelt not far away.

			Graceland is the repository of Chicago’s greatest dreams and darkest nightmares. There is a power there, dark and potent—and I could feel it stirring and swirling in the air, like oil being heated over a fire and becoming steadily more liquid, quicker to move, to shape. The sound of the drum continued, a stalwart tempo. It would do a lot to mask the sounds of our approach, especially if we stepped in time to the beat.

			I dropped low and followed Toot into the darkness among the tombstones. I knew the place well enough to get around generally. Toot led me to a position a little uphill from Inez’s spot, and I stepped on one headstone to belly crawl up onto a mausoleum and peer ahead.

			Spread in a circle near Inez’s grave were seven cloaked figures, speaking in whispering voices in a breathy chant. One of them held a large drum on a shoulder strap and steadily struck it with a thick-headed drumstick in one hand. From there, I could sense the power of the circle around them, but they were making an effort to work magical forces without any sloppy inefficiencies of energy transfer, which generally manifested themselves as visible light. This was a stealthy working.

			There was a lump on the ground in the center of the circle. I couldn’t see who it was, but it was human-shaped, if you allowed for some ropes for immobility. A human sacrifice, doubtless, for the ceremony’s finale. It remained the single most effective way to turbocharge black magic.

			Hell’s bells. Seven necromancers could wreck Chicago all by themselves. Four of them nearly had done it, once. Five, if you counted me, which I didn’t, even though my entry in that evening’s animation festival had taken best in show. I could feel the intensity of the working they had underway. I didn’t know who they were, but they were pros. If they were allowed to finish, they could wreck the town without the help of any army of improbably conceived monsters.

			And if Toot and his people hadn’t warned me, we would never have seen it coming. I wonder what it says about me that pizza has been one of the better long-term investments in my career.

			I slipped back down and away, unseen by the baddies. I returned to my allies and spoke in harsh, quick terms. “Seven. Six casters and a drummer. Cloaked, dark. I don’t know who or what they are. They’re with the Fomor, so they’re probably bad-guy leftovers from somewhere. They’re in a circle. They’ve got a prisoner.”

			River Shoulders growled. It was a sound so low that I couldn’t hear it so much as feel it vibrating the bones of my skull. “Where you want me?”

			“No time to get fancy,” I said. “Get behind them. You get two minutes. Then we’ll go right at them from this side, make plenty of noise, and draw their fire. Once we have their attention, you get in, get their sacrifice out. Then . . .” I brought my hands together in a silent clap.

			“Simple is good,” River Shoulders said.

			Then he gave himself a little shake, bounded maybe four feet into the air off one massive foot, shimmered, and turned into a goddamned owl with a wingspan as long as a freaking car. The massive owl glided out over the tombstones, arcing to one side, and vanished into the night.

			“Jesus Remington Winchester Christ,” Wild Bill blurted in a strangled voice. “He’s a wizard?”

			“Yeah,” I said. “Taught old Listens-to-Wind, the way I hear it.”

			“Huh,” Bill said. “Now, that just ain’t fair.”

			“Don’t complain. He’s on our side.”

			“I’ll take two,” Wild Bill said.

			I’d been counting in my head. When I got to a hundred, I said, “Okay, folks. Just like the old days. Chandler, you know the drill?”

			“I may have been in the field once or twice,” Chandler said.

			“Groovy.”

			The team of young Wardens stacked up behind me, walking in close order, hands on shoulders in the dark to guide one another, and I headed out.

			Warden fire teams work much like any soldiers. Any one of us can put out enough firepower to kill every one of us if we’re careless or stupid, and working together means developing trust and respect in one another’s skills. I’d go first and make the call about when the fight started. If necessary, my shield would cover the entire team—who could then fan out, Hydra-like, and take out the source of any threat.

			Granted, if I stepped on a land mine or something on the way there, we were all dead together. But that wasn’t how most supernatural types tended to think.

			I took long, striding steps in time with the drum, and as we approached the necromancers’ position, I felt Ramirez’s veil wrap us in a cloak of less-than-visibility. Yoshimo did something to the air that made us less-than-audible. They’d cover us until we got into place.

			Wild Bill whispered something to the lever-action rifle he carried instead of a staff these days and plucked a rune-inscribed brass shell from his belt and slid it carefully into the rifle’s loading port before closing the action with a cautious, precise movement. My leather coat creaked, and I sweltered in the summer heat, within its smothering protection.

			My shield was by far the noisiest and most obvious active spell we had among us, magically speaking, and would be the last to go up. I waited until we rounded the corner of the last mausoleum blocking our line of sight to shake out the bracelet and ready my defenses.

			But first things first. We had two major problems to overcome.

			One, the bad guys were standing inside a ritual circle. We could throw as much power as we wanted at them—it would splash uselessly on that thing until someone took the circle down. So we’d have to do that before we could really come to grips with them.

			Second, if you want to control the dead, you’ve got to drop a beat on them. End that beat, end any possibility of summoning and controlling the undead. I drew my revolver, with its boring old regular, entirely mundane rounds, stepped around the corner, and raised the pistol, sighting on the drummer.

			Swear to God, on a normal day, I barely shoot competently. But with the Winter mantle guiding my hand, I lifted my arm and made a one-handed shot in the dark at maybe twenty yards that drilled the drummer in the back with a thunderous report.

			Two things happened immediately.

			First, the round passing through the plane of the circle, sent there by my hand and will, disrupted the essential magical screen of the ritual circle. Stealthy the working might have been, but nothing works right when it’s falling to pieces, and it shattered away in flickers and shards of scarlet light.

			Second, the round tore right through where the drummer’s liver should have been.

			The hooded head whipped around, owl-like, nearly one hundred and eighty degrees, with such unnatural speed that the hood was flung back.

			In the scarlet light of the disintegrating circle, I could see a ruined, desiccated face. The skin was drawn tight over the bones of the drummer’s face, withered and weathered like a corpse exposed to the sky. The eyes were milky white; the lips were leathery strips of jerky partly covering yellowed old teeth. Hair hung on to the scalp in clumps of soiled tangles, but much of it was bald and grey-white.

			A vampire of the Black Court. And I knew her.

			“Mavra of the Black Court!” I snarled. “You got a permit for raising zombies in my town?”

			“Oh,” Mavra said. Her body turned to match the facing of her head, the motion weirdly liquid and mechanical at the same time. “It’s you.”

