			Five of the other six figures turned to face us, hoods coming down.

			Black Court vampires. All of them. I didn’t recognize any of the others—but it seemed pretty clear that Mavra, as the drummer, was the least among them. The Black Court had been all but exterminated, thanks to a really underhanded move by Lara’s people a century and change back. The only ones who were still alive—well, who continued to exist—were the oldest, wiliest, most vicious, and most powerful of their kind.

			These vampires were old-school, the real deal, nightmares of the Old World. A Black Court vampire was a match for any dozen counterparts in the Red or White Court.

			And we had seven of them.

			“My lord,” Mavra said. “May I suggest violence.”

			The last and tallest of the hooded figures straightened his shoulders, turned, and lowered his hood with one hand. In the other, he held a ritual athame, an ancient knife of rough iron. He stood over the bound figure on the ground. His face was not like those of the other vampires present. No rotted corpse he; his face had the severe, angular regularity of a marble statue’s, beautiful in the severe fashion of frozen mountains and crackling ice. Thick black hair swept back from his face and down his back. His hands were long and white, the fingers fine like an artist’s.

			But his eyes.

			Dark.

			Black.

			Empty as the soul of hell.

			I had just looked toward them, and they’d nearly sucked me in. Hell’s bells. I shored up my mental defenses with as much focus as I dared spare from my environment and kept my eyes away from his face.

			“So,” he said. His voice was . . . pure, smooth whiskey, touched with a soft, throaty accent. “This is the city’s wizard.”

			“I’m in the phone book and everything,” I said. “In the name of the city of Chicago, and by the authority of Cook County and the state of Illinois,” I said, loudly, hoping to give River that much more of a distraction, “I order you to cease any and all supernatural activity and return forthwith to your place of origin or to the next convenient parallel dimension.”

			Ramirez choked.

			“Welp,” Wild Bill drawled. “That oughta do it. Thanks, Harry.”

			“Who is that?” breathed Yoshimo.

			“That,” said Chandler in a low, shaking voice, “is Drakul.”

			Okay.

			My eyes might have gotten a little wider.

			I might have had trouble swallowing.

			“Oh boy,” I breathed.

			And Drakul smiled, as if genuinely delighted, and said, “Wise enough to know, but not wise enough to run. Wizards. Arrogant. Take them, my children.”





Chapter





Twelve



Elders of the Black Court do not screw around.

			Before Drakul had entirely finished his sentence, the air sizzled and spat with magical energy, as five elders of the Black Court unleashed a tsunami of sorcery.

			I lifted my shield bracelet and stepped forward to meet it.

			Once upon a time, that gesture would have been futile. Defensive shields were a fairly standard working of magic, but they had limits. The more kinds of energy you want to defend against, the more layers of shielding it takes—and the more power you have to put into it. Back when, my shield had been handy for stopping objects that were moving very quickly and not much more.

			But times had changed. I was older now. I’d learned lessons the hard way and had the scars to prove it.

			So five heavyweights hit me all at once: A couple of lances of white-hot energy, a sputtering globule of some kind of horrible-smelling acid, a crackling bolt of lightning, and what looked like a ghostly tentacle made of translucent green mist hit the shield like five separate speeding automobiles. My rough shield bracelet dribbled green-gold sparks and grew uncomfortably hot in seconds. The shield itself flared out in a quarter dome of blue-white, nearly coherent light, a barrier of raw, stubborn will.

			Maybe if it had happened somewhere else, at a different time, I might not have been able to stop them all. Maybe if it had just been me, it would have gone badly. But tonight, my city was under siege. Tonight, millions of terrified people were going to die unless they got help from people like me. Tonight, their fear rode the air, an inflammable mist that only needed a magical spark to roar into reality.

			Tonight, Chicago fought for its life.

			And my shield held against them all. Though it scorched my wrist, though my feet were driven six inches back across the green grass, I stopped them.

			All of them.

			Meanwhile, my companions had not been standing around with their fingers up their anatomies. Yoshimo’s arms swept out and whirled in circles, and within a second she sent a slender column of whirling air arching up over my shield and down among the Black Court. When the white column touched the earth, it roared up into a whirling dervish of dirt and flying grass, blinding the foe and disrupting their evocations.

			Ramirez’s hand came down on my shoulder and he said, “Now!”

			I dropped the shield.

			Now, don’t get me wrong. What the elders of the Black Court had dished out at us was enough energy to put us all in the ground and then some. But on the White Council, we call people with talent like that “sorcerers.” And we sneer when we say it, for a reason. Yeah, maybe they can throw the raw magical strength around. But magic is about a hell of a lot more than simply power—and though they might have been young, the people backing me up were wizards of the White Council, and each and every one of them had cut their teeth on war.

			I checked over my shoulder to see Chandler standing calmly with both hands planted on the handle of his cane. A dozen stones the size of my head floated in a small cloud around his shoulders, and as my shield came down, the stones began to leap forward as if fired from a cannon, hissing toward their targets. Not to be outdone, Wild Bill murmured something to his old lever-action rifle and the old steel of the weapon suddenly pulsed with threads of scarlet fire in the shape of some kind of primitive pictograms. As my shield dropped, he raised the rifle to his shoulder, sighted on the nearest vampire, and with a word sent a rod of semisolid fire the thickness of my wrist right through the vampire’s belly and one of the huge headstones behind it alike, splitting the air with the thunder of sundered stone.

			The vampire let out a scream that ripped and slashed the air it passed through and . . . was apparently pulled back and away from us by some unseen, horribly fast force.

			Ramirez cast a beam of pale light at the vampire whose strike had gone all hentai on us. That one was a large male, or what was left of one, and he swung both arms dramatically and sent his ghostly tentacle smashing into Ramirez’s disintegration ray. The collision of forces was enough to turn the whole thing into a thrashing mess that spewed ectoplasm in every direction.

			Two of the vampires who might have been twins, or similarly sized siblings, before all the decay had set in, blurred and became a pair of great, greasy-furred grey wolves the size of ponies. Both shot in opposite directions in great, bounding leaps.

			“Flankers!” I shouted. “Yoshimo, Bill!”

			Yoshimo bounded a step into the air and the wind itself seemed to gather beneath her feet and springboard her with silent grace to the top of the nearest mausoleum. She began to bound in twenty-foot steps, her toes barely coming down to touch the tops of grave markers, statues, and marble tombs, moving as if weightless to intercept one of the great wolves.

			Bill immediately swung away from his target—a move that took no small amount of discipline—to begin tracking the second wolf with his rifle as it swung wide around us, a flicker among the smoke and shadows. Bill was an old-school shooter. He welded his cheek to the stock of the weapon, sighting carefully, and went almost entirely still as the barrel tracked the enemy and Wild Bill waited for his shot.

			I was keeping my eyes on Drakul.

			The pale figure watched the fight with keen interest, eyes like a pair of black holes, drawing in everything and giving nothing in return. He watched the opening exchange with the interest of a general observing children at chess, lips pursed thoughtfully. Then he took a step to the left and . . .

			. . . and just freaking vanished. I don’t mean that he went behind a veil, or teleported, or opened a portal to the Nevernever. I can do those things, if I have to. This guy took a step and just up and up went away, as if stepping behind a telephone pole and never appearing on the other side. Gone. Just gone.

			Except that in this case, “gone” turned out to be six inches behind me.

			My ears suddenly twinged hard, like when the pressure shifts in an airplane, and the empty space behind me wasn’t empty anymore. I whirled, drawing my revolver, raising it—

			—too late. Drakul caught the weapon’s barrel in the pale fingers of one hand and simply crushed it shut.

			His other arm swept out and clubbed Ramirez into a tombstone and to the ground as if Drakul’s flesh had been made from cold, heavy marble. Drakul whirled toward Wild Bill, who flung himself into an evasive dive without ever looking back from his gun. It wouldn’t have been fast enough to save him, except that Chandler sent a quick trio of stones zipping into Drakul’s kidneys, wham, pow, crunch, with each stone exploding into gravel from the force of its impact.

			Drakul turned to Chandler, muttered a word, and flicked an annoyed wrist.

			The air behind the young Warden split with a howl of frozen wind, and a circle of pitch-black absence of light maybe four feet across appeared behind him. A stone seemed to turn beneath his foot. Chandler’s balance wavered and he stumbled a step back, into the circle.

			The air somehow unscreamed, and the void black circle vanished.

			Chandler went with it.

			Drakul’s black-hole eyes swept back to me, and suddenly I was being crushed to the ground by the weight of the universe itself. The very thought that I could have done something against a power like that was laughable—but I’d felt this kind of raw, universe-bending will before, in Chichén Itzá. Drakul, whatever he was, had considerably more personal power than the Lords of Outer Night had ever managed to show me.

			But I had hoisted those Red Court losers on their own petard, when everything was said and done. I would be damned if I rolled over for Dracula’s less famous dad.

			I ground my teeth and fought back against the power crushing me, not with my muscles but with my mind. I pictured Drakul’s will as a great, dark hand pressing me down—and mine as my own hand, rising to force it away. I poured my will into the image, a couple of decades of discipline, experience, and focus, investing it with power, with reality, with life.

			Gasping, one inch at a time, I lifted my hand until my right palm faced Drakul and steadied. I couldn’t stand—but I got an elbow underneath me and snarled silent defiance up at him, my right hand raised against his power.

			An expression touched Drakul’s face for the first time—a small smile that showed cruelly curved, sharpened canine teeth.

			“Ah,” he said, raising the knife he’d been planning to use for a blood sacrifice. “If only my own heir had been possessed of such determination.”

			It took a lot of concentration to free up enough mental cycles to make word sounds with my mouth, but I wasn’t going to sit there and take it quietly. “Guess you’re Ethniu’s bitch now,” I gasped.

			The smile again. “It cost little enough to support her. Minor squabbles like this are a good place to take stock of the field.”

			“Field?”

			“Oh, wizard,” Drakul chided me. “Their immaculate beardlinesses have you in the dark even now? As one starborn to another, I must say it seems unseemly in the extreme.”

			I stared at him hard. “What does it mean?”

			Drakul’s smile widened into something genuinely merry. Except for those empty eyes. Any expression that had those eyes in it could be nothing but a mask. “You’ll never value information that comes to you easily.”

			“Thanks, Dad.”

			Something ugly flickered in that smile for a few beats. Then Drakul shook his head. “I would tell you to ask of your own White Council what they aren’t telling you, what they bred you for, and what they expect you to do.” He considered. “Well. Except that it seems unlikely you’ll have the chance on this side of the veil, I’m afraid.”

			“Chump like you?” I gasped. “Tonight, you’re the warm-up act.”

			Drakul regarded me for a second. Then he made an exasperated little sound and put one hand on his hip. “I’ll be open with you, starborn. At this point of conversations like this one, I often offer the dark gift of immortality to someone in your position. It’s occasionally a way to obtain a useful tool, but mostly I just want to see how they react. One sees people for who they truly are when they face death . . . but, honestly, five minutes of you in my life has been quite enough. You’ve no . . . gravitas. No decorum. No style at all.” He knelt over me and lifted the knife toward my throat. “But I suppose your blood will call to the dead as well as anyone’s.”

			“Knock-knock,” I said.

			Drakul frowned down at me and arched an eyebrow.

			“Oh, come on,” I said. “Here I am facing death and telling you a knock-knock joke. Why would I do such a thing?” I gave him the best grin I could while clenching my teeth. “Eternity is a long time to wonder about a punch line. Knock-knock.”

			“Who,” said Drakul, in his mellifluous accent, his eyes narrowed, “is there?”

			“Thousand-pound gorilla,” I rasped.

			“Thousand-pound gorilla who?” asked Drakul.

			And River Shoulders roared and hit him with a twelve-foot-long concrete obelisk.

			One second, Drakul loomed over me. The next there was an enormous sound and an explosion of shattering concrete that left half a dozen little cuts on my face, and Drakul was nowhere to be seen. The weight vanished from me so abruptly that for a second I thought I was levitating off the ground. I was suddenly dizzy, and my vision narrowed to a tunnel.

			“Now, that,” I gasped, “is comedy.”

			River Shoulders roared and bounded after Drakul, jumping with all four limbs.

			Drakul, for his part, tumbled calmly, and if his shoes had cost more than some vehicles I had driven, they held up well enough as he dug them into the grass to arrest his momentum and bring himself to a controlled halt among tumbling fragments of concrete. He was wearing, I kid you not, a tuxedo under the long black cloak.

			And he looked annoyed.

			River Shoulders lowered his shoulder to slam into Drakul, but the big guy might as well have been trying to ram water. Drakul took a step and vanished, out from in front of the charging Sasquatch and to one side—where he crouched and swept his arm out at shin height to the Sasquatch, catching River Shoulders’ enormous leg in the crook of his elbow and arresting its momentum as Drakul rose to his feet. The Sasquatch went forward in a sprawl, which he could not turn into a controlled roll before crashing through two enormous side-by-side tombstones.

			River Shoulders began to rise and then sank back to the earth with a groan.

			Hell’s bells.

			Drakul turned toward River Shoulders with his knife, and I saw what was coming in my head as clearly and sharply as if I was remembering it. The Forest People aren’t exactly wizards. They just sort of live their lives so steeped in the world of magic that they just do it, the way a fish swims or a bird flies. Their aura of life energy is especially dense and potent, constantly absorbing power from the natural world around them.

			Which would make the big guy a great big tank of nitrous for Drakul’s necromantic summoning, if the master of the Black Court could spill River’s blood to fuel the spell.

			I grabbed my staff and brought it to bear, feeling the seething energy stored within its runes and sigils vibrate to life. The staff began to glow with green-gold light, even as I reached out to a portion of the energy stored within it, stirring it, urging it to glow even more brightly. I wanted him to see this one coming.

			“Hey!” I shouted. “You! Ugly!”

			Yeah, yeah. Not my best insult work. But you know. It’s the thought that counts.

			Drakul turned to look at me and froze for a second as if in surprise, presenting a fleeting instant of vulnerability.

			“Forzare!” I shouted.

			As I began the word, Drakul took a step to one side and vanished.

			I whipped my still-glowing staff toward River Shoulders and this time unleashed my will along with the word. “Forzare!”

			A glowing column of green-gold light, flickering and ephemeral as the aurora borealis, lashed across the ground between me and River Shoulders—

			—and caught Drakul right in the breadbasket as he reappeared standing over River Shoulders’ head with his knife.

			The column of power hit Drakul with the energy of a speeding train engine. It blew back his hair and his clothing, ripping the latter to tatters, and sent him hurtling into the side of a marble mausoleum with such force that it sent a spiderweb of cracks through the stone.

			Then there was the cry of an eagle from somewhere up above us, defiant and mocking, and the sweltering summer air was split by a sound so loud and a light so bright that it robbed me of my breath. The image of a bolt of blue-white lightning coming down in a nearly vertical column was burned onto the backs of my eyelids. It hit Drakul like a giant’s sledgehammer, pounding him to the ground—and a second later, a bear, a goddamned Kodiak grizzly, just plummeted out of the sky, landed on Drakul, and started slamming sledgehammer paws down onto the pale being’s skull.

			Elders of the White Council don’t screw around, either, and Listens-to-Wind knew how to make an entrance.

			I staggered, catching my balance on my staff. The lightning had left my eyes dazzled. The thunder had left my ears ringing. I couldn’t hear, couldn’t see any of my companions except for River Shoulders. I hurried to his side, and even as I did, River shook his head groggily and began to push himself up.

			“That’s cheating,” the Sasquatch rumbled, and his voice was angry, terrifying. River came to his feet in a single fluid motion, gathering with him a small tidal wave of magical energy that suddenly crackled and sparkled with static in the air around him. He screamed and slammed both fists down onto the earth, sending out a wave of raw power that I couldn’t have matched at my best—just as the Kodiak bear let out a roar of pain and went flying away and to one side.

			Drakul came to his feet, a marble statue clad in scorched shreds of black and white. He whirled toward River Shoulders, smiled, took a step to one side—

			—and collided with empty air with an audible sound of impact.

			Drakul blinked, this time clearly surprised, and recoiled in the other direction—only to rebound again, as if from the surface of a fun-house mirror maze. He turned toward the Sasquatch, dark eyes narrowing.

			“Okay, Mister Dancy Pants,” growled River Shoulders. “Now, let’s see how tough you are.”

			Drakul’s black eyes glittered with an almost sexual intensity, and his sudden, wide smile was utterly unnerving. “I like this game much better,” he said in something like a purr. And he laughed, taking slow steps back. As he did, without a whisper of power evident in the air, the graveyard began to fill with fog, as swiftly and rapidly as if he’d pulled down a cloud on top of us. The laughter lingered behind him like the Cheshire cat’s smile.

			The Kodiak rolled to its feet and padded over to us. Somewhere along the way, in the sudden fog, Listens-to-Wind took its place. The old man padded to us and put his back to ours, his eyes and senses clearly focused outward, over the rims of his spectacles. Listens-to-Wind never looked excited, but tonight his dark eyes glittered brightly.

			“Mister Dancy Pants?” I asked River Shoulders.

			The Sasquatch shrugged. “Better than ‘Hey, you, ugly.’”

			Listens-to-Wind made a soft hissing sound that commanded silence. River Shoulders listened to him, so it seemed like maybe it would be wise for me to do it, too.

			So I heard the last few deep thuds of heavy paws striking the ground, and a great black nightmare wolf, a creature out of prehistoric nightmares, taller than me at the shoulders and weighing more than many cars, plunged into our group.

			I dove out of the great wolf’s path and only got my ankles clipped as I went. It spun me a hundred and eighty degrees before I hit the ground, still spinning.

			I looked back over my shoulder to see the form of the vast wolf overbear River Shoulders and ride him to the ground. The Sasquatch roared and slammed his fists into the Drakul-wolf, but the beast shrugged the blows off, fangs seeking River’s throat.

			I twisted and lifted my staff, preparing a blast of force that would push the wolf off River Shoulders.

			And an arm like a bar of cold iron slipped around my throat, as swift and lithe as a young serpent.

			My air was cut off immediately. I couldn’t make a sound. I struggled, but I felt like a child trying to fight an adult. Within seconds, I was off-balance and being dragged silently away among the tombstones.

			I saw Listens-to-Wind turn into a friggin’ bison and charge the great wolf’s flank before the fog swallowed them all, and I had time to realize that neither of them had seen me being taken.

			And, in all the fog, neither had anyone else.

			I was alone.

			“Dresden,” Mavra hissed. Her voice sounded almost as pleasant as beetles devouring desiccated flesh. “I have so been looking forward to seeing you again.”





Chapter





Thirteen



Thanks to the Winter mantle, I am stronger than most, by which I mean, most professional wrestlers. Strong as I am, though, my strength still falls within the normal parameters of humanity. I might be pretty far along that bell curve, but I’m still on the same graph.

			Black Court vampire strength is on the same graph as military vehicles and construction equipment.

			Mavra dragged me as effortlessly as if I’d been leashed to a bulldozer, and the arm around my neck might as well have been made of carbon steel. I thrashed and kicked, and not only was it futile; she didn’t even take notice of it. I was able to gasp in a few precious wisps of air during the struggles, but probably not enough to make up for the loss of the struggle itself.

			I wanted to panic. But panic wouldn’t help me survive.

			So I fastened my grip on that implacable arm and held on tight, trying to take the pressure off my neck, and otherwise ceased doing anything but fighting for air. The struggle behind me was a nearly silent one, broken only by the sounds of impacts, weight scrambling on the grass, and harsh exhalations.

			Mavra dragged me silently through the graveyard in the fog, until we found other dark, silent forms beneath the branches of a spreading tree.

			And on the ground at their feet were more figures.

			Wild Bill. Yoshimo. Ramirez.

			Wild Bill and Yoshimo were a mess of blood that looked wet and black in the dim light.

			Ramirez was still alive. He was on his knees, and one of the Black Court elders, the one with the tentacle spell, held Carlos’s wrists pinned behind his back.

			“Where is the drum?” demanded Tentacles Guy as Mavra approached.

			“Welcome, Mavra,” Mavra said in a light, mocking rasp. “You were right about how they would respond to the threat, Mavra. The Master was wise to trust you, Mavra.”

			Yoshimo had died with her eyes partly open. They stared. She didn’t look like a young woman anymore. She looked like a broken, discarded machine.

			Tentacles Guy bared bloodied teeth and hissed. “We must finish preparing these and go to the Master’s aid.”

			Mavra hissed a little laugh. “If you wish to disturb his recreation, by all means.”

			One of the two twin corpse-vampires was on the ground. It looked like a chunk of mass that might have weighed thirty pounds in a living being was just missing from one of the twins’ abdomens. Ramirez’s blasts, probably. Its mouth was covered in fresh blood, and there were slurping, sucking sounds coming from the open wound, as blood and matter shifted and slowly renewed the missing mass. It was staring steadily, hungrily, at Ramirez.

			The other twin pointed at me. “Give it to my sister. She must restore herself.”

			“His blood is not for the likes of you or me,” Mavra replied calmly. “Starborn are for the Master.”

			Both twins hissed at Mavra, who appeared to take no notice of them.

			Wild Bill had gone down fighting. His rifle and sidearm were both gone. So was his trademark knife. The skin was gone from his knuckles, and there was something black and sludgy on his open mouth. He’d gone down swinging, with bits of his enemy literally between his teeth.

			“The drum!” Tentacles Guy insisted.

			“This was never about raising an army, fool,” Mavra hissed. “It was about acquiring new blood for the stars and stones. Let Corb and Ethniu thrash about and draw the ire of the mortals upon themselves. We will be well positioned to rule the rubble.” She pointed a finger at Ramirez. “Give her that one to eat.”

			Tentacles Guy stared at Mavra harshly. Then he dragged Ramirez over to the wounded twin. Ramirez fought against Tentacles Guy, with just as much to show for it as I had with Mavra. The other twin stretched out Ramirez’s arm and raked rotten nails across his wrists, tearing open flesh and veins with all the precision and subtlety of an ox-driven plow.

			Ramirez screamed.

			The downed twin fastened her rotting lips over the wound in his arm.

			My friends were dead and dying.

			And these . . . things . . . wanted to make of their remains a home for more monsters.

			Sickness and rage filled me.

			Power rushed in with them.

			Mavra’s grip on my neck tightened like something driven by hydraulics, and suddenly there was nothing but blind, furious sensation filtered through the Winter mantle in a tsunami of confusing sensory input that became its own agonizing analogue of prosaic pain.

			“The Master won’t mind drinking you at room temperature, Dresden,” she chided me. The universe blurred, and suddenly the floor rose to give me a full-body hug. It blew the wind out of me in an exhalation not even Mavra’s strength could shut off entirely and left me lying stunned.

			“Pendejos,” Ramirez snarled. I could feel the air tighten as he drew in power.

			The other twin’s hands shot out as he did, dragging his face to hers. Her milky-white eyes widened as she locked gazes with Ramirez. My friend let out a furious, despairing scream as her psychic assault began. Yeah. The Black Court had a method for dealing with the potential devastation of a wizard’s death curse—tough to put together a spell when someone is trying to climb into your brain and redecorate.

			The vampires watched the dying man intently, slipping into a corpselike, absolute stillness as they did.

			Carlos tried to scream again. It came out weaker.

			There was nothing I could do.

			And then something wispy and violet poked out from behind a tombstone twenty feet away.

			Someone had seen me.

			The major general was still on the job.

			Toot-Toot scanned the scene quickly, flashed me a manic grin and a wink, and slid back behind the tombstone. When he emerged a moment later, he held a short sword the size of a small hunting knife in one hand.

			And in the other, gripped like a severed head, was an open packet of chopped garlic from Pizza ’Spress.

			Toot crouched, still grinning, and a nimbus of blue and violet energy surrounded him—and then he shot like an arrow from a bow at Mavra’s back.

			There was a streak of light as Toot flew at her, slashing down with his knife at the dead-tough flesh of her back, the scalpel-sharp blade opening a deep cut.

			Into which my little ally plunged his packet of garlic.

			Black Court vampires are very, very tough customers. But they pay for it, in some really inconvenient vulnerabilities. You can read about them in Stoker’s book. It’s basically a field guide on how to kill Black Court vampires.

			Turns out there’s a pretty good reason vampires are repelled by garlic.

			Mavra’s dead flesh burst into silver-white flame.

			I mean, it was awkward to see from my angle, but a freaking jet of argent fire shot out of the wound, and the sound of her shriek of agony became the entire world for a few seconds. I guess being set on fire is kind of distracting. I fought the headlock with all of my strength and exploded out of it, drawing in a deep gasp of sweet, sweet air.

			Which, instead of turning into the words of an immediate spell, got locked into the helpless autonomic cycle of an oncoming sneeze.

			Of all the times, stupid conjuritis, now!?

			Mavra thrashed out with one arm, hit me in the back, and clubbed me ten feet. Only the protective spells on my duster kept me from getting broken bones. I got my arms between my skull and the oncoming tombstone or I would have checked out right then and there, bounced, and hit the ground.

			I focused, bringing power and image to my thoughts, rapidly gathering energy to put behind the oncoming sneeze.

			The unwounded twin whirled her head toward me and hissed.

			My chest convulsed into a sneeze that might have torn some muscles somewhere.

			I sent power and image out along with it.

			And an anvil, black and funny-shaped and half as long as a freaking car, plunged out of the night air and right onto the back half of Tentacles Guy’s noggin.

			The plummeting anvil had to have weighed at least a ton. And while you could whale on a Black Court vampire with a baseball bat all day and inflict nothing more than annoyance, that much weight moving at that rate of speed was an entirely different ball game.

			Imagine holding up a fully hung suit and dropping it to the floor.

			Now add a spray pattern of ink black, ichorous splatter. Plus a big freaking anvil.

			Get the picture?

			Mavra vanished, screaming into the night, the fog lit weirdly by argent fire in her wake. The healthy twin stared in shock at the anvil—which suddenly collapsed into gelatinous ectoplasm, mixing with whatever was left of Tentacles Guy, who was still, somehow, thrashing. It looked kind of like the inside of a blender.

			I swiped a shaking arm over my running nose and wheezed drunkenly, “I told you, you Black Court bastards! Next time, anvils!”

			Ramirez, his arms freed, whipped toward the creature mindlessly feeding upon his wounded arm, snarled a word, flicked his other wrist, and suddenly her head just turned into a slurry of water and powder. The remainder of the body started thrashing around silently, spewing ichor everywhere. Carlos gasped as bones in his forearm snapped in the grip of superhumanly powerful hands.

			The other twin seized a tombstone, ripped it out of the ground as if it had been a damned dandelion, and flung it at my head.

			There was just time to get my shield up, and the tombstone exploded into gravel against it.

			By the time I lowered my hand and looked around again, shield bracelet still dribbling green-gold sparks, the twin was gone. So were the bodies of Yoshimo and Wild Bill.

			I stumbled over to Ramirez’s side. We wrestled the stupidly powerful strength still left in the dead vampire’s hands, until I finally had to pit what felt like the strength of my whole body against the vampire’s fingers, one at a time. It wasn’t easy on Ramirez, who must have been suffering agonies, but we got it done.

			I pulled him back as he cradled his shattered arm, and we watched the corpse thrash itself across the ground.

			“They took them,” Ramirez muttered. “They’re going to . . .”

			“Nothing we can do for them this second,” I said. I got into the first-aid pack on his belt. In the dark it was a sloppy mess, but I got a pressure bandage over his wrist and got it tightly covered. It had to have hurt like hell on the broken arm, but we had to stop the bleeding. Ramirez clenched his jaw and hissed but gave no other sign of discomfort. I finished and rose. “Come on. We need to back up River and Listens-to-Wind.”

			He looked up at me, his face pale, his eyes too shiny and hard. But he grimaced and nodded and lifted his good hand.

			I hauled him up, and the two of us had just turned toward where I’d last seen the Senior Councilman and River Shoulders when the same pair walked out of the fog. River’s chest was rising and falling harshly. He sounded like a racehorse and moved as if his entire body was one enormous bruise. He was carrying an unconscious teenage girl in the crook of one arm like an infant—the victim Drakul and company had been preparing to sacrifice. Listens-to-Wind looked unutterably weary, but unhurt.

			“What happened?” I asked.

			“He left before we could get hurt too bad,” River Shoulders said, his voice pained.

			Listens-to-Wind grimaced and reached way, way up to thump a hand against River Shoulders’ shoulder. “Creature like that, you don’t beat it. You win by surviving. We won.”

			“Not all of us,” Ramirez said in a harsh voice.

			“Drakul sent Chandler through some kind of gate,” I said. “It didn’t look like the usual passage to the Nevernever. It was all neat and symmetrical.” Which meant that Chandler could have wound up anywhere. Or, worse, nowhere. I leaned into the Winter. My voice sounded steady and rational. “No idea of his status. Meyers and Yoshimo are dead. Probably turned.”

			The pain was still there. Shock and the Winter mantle might have been numbing it. I didn’t have a whole ton of friends. Losing three of them at once was going to hurt like hell, later. Even thinking about that made my guts quiver and my heart burn with rage.

			Listens-to-Wind seemed to shrink a little and closed his eyes. “I think . . . Ah. This wasn’t an alliance for Drakul. Merely a profitable ploy. If we did not arrive in sufficient strength to stop the sacrifice, the enemy has an army at our backs, the city is overrun, and I daresay Drakul would have his choice of potential recruits in the chaos. If we did send those of sufficient power to stop him, Drakul need not go hunting for potent new servants—they have voluntarily identified themselves.”

			“He left because he’d gotten what he’d come for,” I said.

			Listens-to-Wind opened his eyes and nodded. “And because he doesn’t care about what’s happening here today.”

			“What’s happening here today is going to affect everyone,” I said.

			“Not him,” the old wizard said, his voice certain. “He’s got a different set of priorities.”

			“Because he’s starborn,” I guessed.

			Listens-to-Wind looked at me sharply.

			“Hey,” I said brightly. “What are the stars and stones?”

			The old man’s eyes narrowed. He traded a long look with River Shoulders.

			“We should get back to the others,” Listens-to-Wind said, and turned to start walking back the way we’d come.

			I took a long step and got in his way.

			“I asked you a question, Senior Councilman,” I said quietly but firmly.

			River Shoulders shook his head tiredly. “Hoss Dresden. We got a lot on our plates right now. There’s plenty that you don’t know yet. And maybe this story isn’t mine to tell.”

			“Seriously?” I asked. “That’s your excuse? You don’t want to spoiler me?”

			He regarded me levelly. “I’ve said what I’m going to, Hoss Dresden. It ain’t time yet.”

			I shook my head impatiently. “I’m getting some damned answers. My whole life I’ve . . . No. Since my parents died, my life has been one person after another trying to get something out of me. Wanting me to make deals. Give them my loyalty. And there’s this whole starborn thing.” My voice dropped. “My whole life, I’ve had to figure it out on my own. I’m getting a damned answer. I’ve put myself at risk over and over for the Council. I’ve lost fr—” I swallowed. “I’ve paid for it. You owe me.”

			The old man looked away and wouldn’t meet my eyes.

			“We owe you,” he confirmed. “But it ain’t about debt. There’s some secrets that do worse than get you killed. A whole hell of a lot worse.” He eyed me. “You need to trust us.”

			I barked out a laugh. It sounded weird in the graveyard. “Pull the other one.”

			The old man sighed. Then he said, “Make you a deal.”

			“What?”

			“You get through tonight,” Listens-to-Wind said, “you give me a little time. I’ll be your advocate. I’ll speak on your behalf to the others.”

			“Or you could just tell me yourself.”

			“I’m a wizard, Hoss. Which means I’m arrogant.” He smiled a little. “But not that arrogant. That’s how big this is, boy. I, a senior wizard of the White Council, don’t think I’m smart enough to make this call alone.”

			I blinked.

			That was not a sentiment I’d ever thought I might hear from a Senior Councilman.

			“Oh,” I said. “Wow.”

			“Best I can do,” he said.

			“I’ll wait a month.”

			He snorted through his nose. “The people I need to talk to? Make it a year.”

			“Fuck that,” I said.

			“Oh?” he asked. “Tell me. What’s your next best offer?”

			The old man lifted his eyebrows and waited, visibly and politely.

			“Fine,” I said sourly. “A year.”

			He nodded. “Done.”

			The would-be sacrificial girl on River Shoulders’ shoulder stirred, looked around at the Sasquatch, opened her mouth to scream in horror—and almost immediately fainted again.

			River Shoulders looked mournful. “I lost my glasses in the fighting.”

			“Not your fault, big guy,” I said. “Some people just don’t know good company when they see it. We’d better drop her off with the next group of cops we pass.”

