			This thing . . .

			Power radiated from it. It was the size of a Budweiser horse, plus an extra few hundred pounds of armored chitin that looked black but shone deep purple wherever light reflected from it. Its smooth head and the blank spots where eye sockets should have been were eerie, and when it champed its jaws, it showed hard, serrated ridges of bone in a jaw that could open wider than it ought. Its ears swiveled about alertly, moving too smoothly, like exceedingly precise automation, and a flicker of insight made me realize why the Winter Sidhe respected their unicorns: They had no eyes to be deceived by glamour or beauty. It didn’t have a horn. It had horns. Curling ram’s horns as big across as a stop sign armored to either side of its skull, and the horn that arched from its forehead was more a spiked saber than a spiraling lance.

			Mab’s steed pounded a foot down against the concrete impatiently, and the energy that rippled out from that impact lifted a visible, expanding ring of dust from the ground and stirred the haze in the air. Mab laid a hand upon its neck, a soothing motion, and the unicorn stilled—but it didn’t take a wizard to detect the rage and hatred seething off of the creature.

			It wanted to fight. It wanted to kill.

			I knew how it felt.

			Ah, that was it, then. The horn. What had that Tim Curry character called it, an antenna pointing to heaven? Maybe he’d been half-right. After I focused my attention on the power surrounding the creature, I could feel Mab’s subtle influence, the spirit of Winter in the air, pouring off the unicorn’s horn, the energy buzzing like high-tension lines carrying current. The being was serving as a living focus for Mab’s power, the way I’d use a staff or blasting rod—or the knife at my hip, the one I had carefully not touched, barely even with my thoughts, since coming ashore.

			That artifact, taken from Hades’ vault, continued to vibrate with a power all its own that remained unabated and uninfluenced by the terrible forces in the air around the city.

			I kept on not touching it—and, after a moment of mental effort, not even thinking about it.

			I touched a hand to Murphy’s shoulder, and she brought the bike rumbling to a halt. I swung off and crossed fifty or sixty feet of concrete. A block of the Sidhe, each warrior armored in that faemetal they preferred to steel, shining in variegated shades of glacial green, winter blue, and deep, dark purples, whirled to face me as a single being, their boots stomping hard on the concrete as shields were raised and weapons came up.

			I didn’t so much as break stride. Lions do not lower their heads for jackals. Even jackals know they can kill what fears them.

			The Winter Sidhe respected those who understood the law of the jungle, and I had demonstrated to them from the first that I wasn’t putting up with any of their crap. They would test me—predators always test potential prey for weakness—but as long as I made them think it would be more trouble than amusement to push me, they would press no further.

			The warrior Sidhe, male and female alike, each deadly skilled and experienced in the art and practice of war, yielded before me, melting as smoothly from my path as if they had never been there.

			For today.

			They would look for weakness again tomorrow. Assuming any of us survived to see it.

			As I approached, I saw Mab staring hard at me, and then past me, at the uncertain form of the people who had followed my banner. Her eyes narrowed and then bored into mine, even as I walked the last few yards to her. For some reason, I felt . . . utterly naked, as if my clothing had vanished and a cold chill had swirled into damned uncomfortable places.

			Then her expression changed. For a flickering portion of an instant, I thought I saw . . . something, in her eyes, some vague shadow of pain. Of . . . sympathy?

			Then Mab was Mab again.

			“My Knight,” she murmured. “Half a dozen cohorts have come to your banner.”

			Eleven hundred and eighty-seven, I thought. I blinked. Because that’s how many people had chosen to follow me. I didn’t know how I knew that. It just . . . flew into my head. This had to be another instance of intellectus, a form of intelligence that bypassed standard human processes of rationality, just as I experienced on the island.

			But this was different.

			It was people.

			Mab tilted her head to one side. “You did not embrace the cold.”

			“No,” I said. My voice felt rough.

			Her chin lifted, and her hard, cold eyes flickered in naked, unconcealed pride. “Never once in your life, my Knight, have you taken the easy road. I chose well.”

			“They’re lightly armed. They need heavier weapons.”

			Mab’s tone gained an icy edge. “They are not following my banner, O Knight.”

			I lowered my voice to a bare growl. “Then I’ll send them home,” I said. “If you want me to fight for you, quit making it more difficult to fight for you. You and Marcone have been thick as thieves lately. I know you both. There are more weapons around here somewhere. I need them.”

			Slowly, slowly . . . the unicorn noticed me. Its head swiveled as smoothly as a gun turret, bringing that horn to point at me, and the power in the air around me made me feel like my hair should have been standing straight up. There were bits of bone still stuck in its serrated blade. Its breath smelled like rotten meat.

			My scrotum attempted to travel back in time.

			Mab suddenly threw back her head and let out a . . . sound. Imagine a witch’s cackle, rolling up from her belly. Now imagine that at almost the exact instant said witch began it, she snapped a moldy scarf tight around her own throat. Then imagine the choked exhalation of what air remained above the point of strangulation.

			Whatever the hell that sound was, it was not a laugh.

			And it made the damned unicorn take a nervous sidestep.

			“Yes,” Mab said, a wild fey light around her eyes, her head swaying as her mount shifted its weight nervously. “Oh yes. You’ll do, child. Tell me, who takes out contracts in terms of a thousand years, these days?”

			“Oh God,” I said. I stared at her. Then at the Bean. “You’re kidding.”

			Because that was the contract the artist of the Bean had with the city of Chicago. That the thing would stand for one thousand years. And when it had been finished, it had been encased in polished steel and enclosed, more or less permanently.

			It was for all practical purposes a time capsule, out in plain sight, in front of God and everybody.

			I stalked over to the Cloud Gate. I poked at polished panels of steel with my staff until one of them rang a little hollower than the others. I gave that one a series of solid thumps, and it popped off and clattered to the concrete. The red glare of the night was too dim to show me anything until I drew out my mother’s pentacle amulet, sent a whisper of will into it, and set it aglow with azure wizard light.

			The inside of the Bean isn’t made of metal. It’s all a wooden framework and looks more like the hold of an old pirate ship. The interior of the Bean was piled high with mil-spec weapons cases and boxes and boxes of ammunition, secure on a sturdy internal framework. Just right in the middle of Millennium Park.

			“You’ve got a hell of a lot of nerve, Mab,” I murmured.

			And her voice whispered in my ear, as if she’d been standing flush against me, “Thank you, my Knight. It is a fine compliment.”

			I jumped and hit my head on the low opening and backed up enough to glower at her.

			Mab turned her eyes away from me and said, “Do battle as you will, my Knight. Take command of your mortals and what few servants of Winter were near enough to join us.” Her gaze returned to the northeast, where the red pulse of the Eye flashed again. “Make the Fomor bleed. You will know the time to come to me.”

			It was a clear dismissal, and Mab’s tone made it obvious that she was done with my shenanigans.

			But I’m not so much the kind who gets easily dismissed.

			Not even by the Queen of Air and Darkness.

			I went to her side, where I noticed that even the unicorn’s hooves were set up like cruel, spiked maces, and said, “This . . . banner.”

			“Few Knights have had the strength to manifest it.”

			“You never spoke to me about it.”

			“Would you have listened?”

			Well. Touché, I guess.

			“I can feel them,” I said. “The people following me.”

			Mab closed her eyes for a moment. Then she said, “Yes. Such is the rule of Winter.”

			“And when they die. I’ll feel that, too.”

			“Obviously,” Mab said, in a near whisper. “For all power there is a price.”

			I shuddered. My soul had already taken a beating in the past few days. I don’t know that I needed to add on the psychic experience of living through hundreds of deaths to my list of mental scars.

			I gritted my teeth. I could take a little more if I had to. And I had to. A lot more people were going to die if we didn’t stop the enemy here.

			I glanced aside at Mab and frowned.

			Did she feel it, too? Her command of her subjects? Of . . . me?

			Did she feel it when they died? Did she carry their pain, their rage, their terror, upon the back of her own soul, or whatever it was that passed for one now? Did she even have a soul anymore?

			I was mortal once. . . .

			I’d been waiting for Mab to lay into me with the magically enhanced temptation, the usual trappings and blandishments of corruption. I’d been expecting her, every time we met, to start putting me through Sith boot camp. The Kurgan’s Guide to Conflict Resolution. Evil 101.

			The whole time, I’d been wondering, What happens when she does?

			The far more terrifying question had never once occurred to me: What happens when she doesn’t?

			Maybe the process of becoming something horrible wasn’t about temptation to sin, forbidden delights, and bad impulse control.

			Maybe it was about choosing to throw your soul into a meat grinder, over and over again. Until what remained couldn’t even be seen as a soul any longer. Maybe the real monsters, the big bad monsters, aren’t created.

			They’re forged. Hammered. One blow at a time.

			I was mortal once. . . .

			Mab opened her eyes again at last. The look she gave me was, for a second, very human: one weary, determined soldier staring at another. I had, in her eyes, passed some kind of test, some rite, that had changed my status.

			And it terrified me.

			The real battle for your own soul isn’t about falling from a great height; it’s about descending, or not, one choice at a time.

			And sometimes, it’s about choosing to pay a price so someone else doesn’t have to. I had rarely hesitated to hazard my body in the defense of those who needed it.

			I looked back at the city behind us.

			If more is required of me, so be it.

			I offered my hand to Mab, plain soldier.

			She took it.





Chapter





Nineteen



I put Sanya and Murphy on getting the arms out to our volunteers. Marcone had planned as if he’d intended a city block party’s worth of amateurs to be kitted out with the one weapon that could do the most damage in their hands: shotguns. A hell of a lot of shotguns. And, given the haze over the city, it wasn’t like anyone could see clearly more than thirty or forty yards anyway.

			Not everybody took a shotgun. Dozens had heavier weapons of their own. But by the time we were done, everyone had a firearm of some type, and everyone had pockets full of shells.

			I called Toot-Toot in and sent him with a message for Etri. Within five minutes of sending the little guy off, a squad of svartalf combat engineers had arrived, and I’d given them their instructions. They immediately turned to the open earth inside the pavilion and began shaping it into defensible earthworks beneath the enormous, arching trellis that supported the pavilion’s sound system. People stared at that in awe. It’s not often you see several hundred thousand tons of earth moving itself around thanks to the hand gestures of a crew of little grey guys.

			“Defiladey enough for you?” I asked Sanya.

			“Da,” the Russian replied. “Did not know this park was built on Styrofoam at bottom.”

			“Yeah, the whole place is technically kind of a rooftop garden,” I said. “Can you hold?”

			“Maybe, but then they go around us,” Sanya said. “We leave one-third here. The rest, we go out and find them. Draw them back here if we have to fall back. They run across all this open space? Pow, pow, video-game easy.”

			“If you have to fall back, huh,” I said.

			The big man grinned. “Da, am Russian. We are a very positive people,” Sanya said.

			“No, you aren’t!” came Butters’s protest from somewhere off in the haze.

			Sanya beamed. “I really like little Jedi man,” he confided. “Here, look.” He leaned down to scrape at loose earth with the tip of his knife. “Mab here. Us here. Enemy coming from there, there, there.” He made marks to the north, east, and south. “See? Our people will hold against north threat from earthworks. Others go out, see if we can hit the east threat from flank once they engage Mab.” He nodded toward the mark in the south. “That one, up to the Archive and Etri’s people.”

			I nodded. “You’ll just be wandering around blind out there.”

			“Da, but so are they. So it is fair.”

			“What kind of idiot wants to fight fair?” I complained.

			“This is terrible fight,” Sanya said. “But is only one we have. ‘Fair’ is many steps up ladder from where we are now.”

			“Good point,” I said with a grimace. I frowned and checked. My contingent of wicked fae, who were lurking around out of sight of the mortals, had approximately tripled in size, mainly with malks. I knew there was a big colony of them in town, and now I had a good threescore of the vicious little killers slinking around in the haze and waiting for a chance to spill more blood. None of them were near the mortals who had followed me, which was what I had mostly worried about.

			Hey, I thought, as loud as I could, in the direction of Winter. The mortals of Chicago are off-limits. Cross me on this and I’ll kill every last one of you.

			What came back to me from the creatures of Winter was a sensation of . . . Well, it wasn’t compliance. It was deeper than that. My will became their will. I felt the adjustment of their very beings, their rising fury at the suffering inflicted upon . . . The closest thing I can come up with, to explain it, was that they felt the same rage a farmer does when something is after his livestock.

			Maybe that’s as close to being protective as Winter gets. But it was hard and cold and real.

			The Winter Knight doesn’t so much lead Winter’s troops as command them as he would any other weapon in his grasp.

			I sent the malks out in a circular screen around us. I wanted to know when the enemy got close, and the little killers were as silent and swift as any wraith.

			Murphy was demonstrating to a group of volunteers how to load a shotgun. It’s not real complicated. When it comes to firearms, shotguns are about as basic as it gets. She finished showing a number of drawn, determined faces how to handle the weapon.

			“For what we’re doing,” she said to the volunteers, “you’ve got about the best weapon you can reasonably get. It’ll shoot farther than you can see, and it will be hard to miss. Tuck it in tight to your shoulder and aim down the barrel. You have four rules. Never point your weapon at anything you don’t want dead. Know your target so you don’t shoot your neighbor. Know what’s behind your target so you don’t shoot your neighbor by accident. And for God’s sake, keep your finger off the damned trigger until you’ve followed rules one through three.” She held up her right forefinger. “You put this on the trigger, assume you are a deadly weapon and a threat to anything you’re facing, period. Clear?”

			There was a round of murmured affirmatives.

			I walked up behind her and said, “I need your advice.”

			Murphy passed a shotgun to a nervous volunteer, a young man who said, “That’s all we get?”

			“Plenty of soldiers have gotten less,” I said to him. “You want to run, head west. The enemy is coming in from all around us everywhere else.”

			The kid swallowed, nodded, and carefully kept his finger off the trigger.

			Murphy clapped him on the shoulder, and then we turned to walk a little distance away.

			“What do I do?” I asked her quietly. “How do I arrange this so that I don’t get all these people killed?”

			“Trust Sanya,” she said frankly. “He’s had some military experience. Neither of us does. That’s the best we’ve got.”

			I looked over to where the Russian was talking to some guys in uniforms, laughing, his deep voice, the laughter itself, clear and somehow silvery. The air around him seemed less hazy than elsewhere, and I could read the faces of the people around him well enough to see that the Knight of the Sword’s presence was combating the supernatural fear and frenzy in the air around them. They . . . just looked more like people, when they stood near Sanya.

			“Right,” I said.

			I walked forward to stand next to Sanya, cleared my throat, and spoke out in what I hoped was a clear, firm voice. “All right, people. Gather in.”

			They did. I was tall enough for everyone to see. Hadn’t ever really occurred to me why everyone thought military leaders should be tall. It simply offered a small practical advantage, for much of humanity’s history.

			They could see my face, my eyes. They could see me.

			“This city has gone to hell in a handbasket,” I declared. “And then a bunch of monsters showed up.”

			There was a rumble of nervous laughter. Chicagoans love their city, but they also have few illusions about how screwed up it can be. They live here.

			“I know you’re scared,” I said. “I know you’ve all . . . seen things that nobody should have to see.” I pushed the image of that damned crib out of my head. “I know you don’t know who I am, and this is all weird. So, let me introduce myself. My name is Harry Dresden. I’m a wizard of the White Council. And I mean to fight to the death to defend this town.”

			“What?” came an incredulous voice from the crowd. “You think you’re a what?”

			I turned to that voice, identified the speaker through my link to the banner, and strode directly toward him. People got out of my way. He was a skinny guy, late thirties, holding a hunting rifle. He drew back half a pace, apprehensively, as I approached.

			“What’s your name, man?” I asked.

			“Uh . . . it’s Randy.”

			“Okay, Randy. I’m only going to do this once.”

			I dropped my staff on the ground, held up my hands in front of me, palms facing each other, drew in a whisper of will, and murmured, “Eggus Chennus.”

			Green-gold lightning, not a ton of it, exploded from my palms, forming a current of energy that snapped and crackled in the sultry summer air, contained within the space between my hands.

			I had thought through the spell before, but I’d never really tried it. It worked pretty well—except that rather than just going away, the power was cycling up one arm, around my shoulders, down the other arm, and then out between my hands again. It was a cycle that fed upon itself, and between that and the power-laden air of the terrified city, the energy built a whole hell of a lot faster than I would have liked. It had to go somewhere.

			I picked a tree and unleashed a stroke of green lightning that smashed into the trunk about five feet up and brought the tree crashing down. It started burning with green flame, green flame—all hell was breaking loose. I could only attribute that to the breakdown in reality that Bob had warned me about.

			My volunteers had fallen silent.

			Randy looked like he’d swallowed multiple bugs.

			“Wizard,” I reiterated. “Any questions?”

			“Are you on our side?” Randy asked.

			“If you’re here to defend the innocent, damned skippy I’m on your side,” I said. I grabbed his shoulder and squeezed a little. Then I turned to look at everyone else.

			“The monsters are coming,” I said. “And they’ll kill everyone in this town if they can. Unless we kill them first.”

			The crowd let out a sound that was a lot like a hungry growl.

			I found myself smiling, more and more widely. Yeah, the world was full of monsters and demons. But it was a human world. It was our world because we were the cleverest, most resourceful, and most dangerous things in it. Maybe my little army wasn’t the most martial representation of humanity, but people fighting for their homes had, historically, done incredible things.

			Time for history to repeat itself.

			“Sanya, raise your hand.”

			He did.

			“This is Sanya. He’s a Knight. He fights monsters for a living and he knows what he’s talking about. Sanya is your commander. Sanya . . . hey, where the hell did you get a freaking Kalashnikov?”

			Sanya shouldered his rifle by its strap, grinning. “Found it.”

			I waved a hand at him. “Whatever. Take charge, man.”

			“Da,” Sanya said, and raised his voice to a bellow. “Hello. First of all, da, I am Russian. Cope. Second, you see these men and women in uniforms? Easy to recognize even in haze, da? They are your officers. I will make groups of about thirty. Each group get one officer. Officer tell you what to do, you do it.”

			Sanya turned to the uniformed men and women. “You guys get to give one of three orders. Stand, retreat, and follow me. Keep it simple. Communications in battle are hard, even for professionals.”

			There was a round of nods. The military folks looked grim. They knew what a clusterfuck they were about to march into. And I knew about how hard it is to convey even simple ideas in a fight. We’d be lucky if the volunteers could follow even those limited orders reliably.

			Sanya turned back to the crowd. “Everywhere we go tonight, assume that you have orders to kill the enemy on sight. If standing, and enemy comes, kill enemy. If retreating, kill enemy. If following officer and enemy comes, kill enemy.” Sanya considered. “Basically tonight we are always killing enemy.”

			Another laugh at that. But he was playing to an easy room. People who are scared need to laugh, and the scarier things are, the more they need it.

			“Okay!” Sanya called. “Officers will divide you into groups! Everyone keep quiet so you can hear them!”

			Sanya and his officers started getting them sorted out.

			I shivered a little and stepped over to one side, where I could close my eyes for a second and try to process everything that was happening.

			I felt Murphy come up behind me and then lean against me. I leaned back.

			“This is going to be ugly, isn’t it,” I said quietly.

			“Yes,” Murphy said simply. “Just remember whose fault it is.”

			There was a horrible shrieking sound, and the haze flared red. This time, I could hear the building falling again.

			Ethniu was walking straight down Lake Shore, knocking down buildings like a kid kicking over anthills. She was coming for Mab.

			Who was in essence using herself as bait to keep the Titan from noticing me.

			I found Murphy’s hand and squeezed gently. “What’s going to happen after this, do you think?”

			“I don’t,” she said. “Because I’m doing today first.”

			I snorted quietly.

			Murphy squeezed back. “Harry. You can’t fix tomorrow until it gets here.”

			“Which is weird, because you can screw it up from decades away.”

			I heard her laugh gently. “I got used to weird. It’s not so bad.”

			“Flattery is unworthy of you,” I said.

			“It’s definitely unworthy of one of us.”

			I opened my mouth to fire back like Sir Benedic would have wanted me to, but instead I had to deal with a sudden harsh, twisting feline voice radiating through my skull.

			Sir Knight, mewled the unsettling voice of a malk, this is Grimalkin.

			Right. Grimalkin was Mab’s . . . personal aide, in some ways. He was an Elder of the malks, which meant he was bigger and stronger and meaner than most, and had access to a number of powers, foremost of which was the ability to creep me out with his damned weird voice.

			The enemy comes from the north, Sir Knight. I am also advised, by this irritating pixie, to inform you that there is a still-occupied child-care center in its path with a number of young mortals inside.

			I clenched my jaw so hard that I chipped a tooth.

			I looked around. Sanya was ordering the volunteers, but it would take time for him to get it done. If I shouted, “Follow me!” and started moving, I’d probably just walk them into a meat grinder. Sanya needed more time to get the volunteers organized.

			“Harry?” Murph asked.

			“Get the bike,” I said.

			She swung around and did. “Butters, Alphas, on me,” I barked. “Sanya, incoming from the north. Get them organized first, then bring them after me. I’ll try to slow the Fomor down.”

			“Da, go!” Sanya shouted. He turned and started bawling at the troops in a voice that could have been heard a quarter mile away.

			Murphy rumbled up on her bike, and I swung a leg over. Will and Georgia loped out of the darkness and took up position on one side of the bike, and Andi and Marci took the other. Butters came trotting over. You’d never have guessed the little guy had been galloping all over the damned town all evening, from the spring in his step. I had to give it to him—Butters was never going to be a powerhouse, but the little guy didn’t have an atom of quit anywhere in him.

			From the north, maybe two or three blocks away, I heard the scream of Huntsmen’s spear blasts, and a sudden sonic razor blade of ripping, tearing sound that was the simultaneous war cry of a dozen malks going into battle.

			And then, flattening that sound was the bone-shaking blare of a Jotun’s horn, the same one from before.

			And my stomach fell out. Because shotguns were not going to help against something that big, no matter how many of them we had. They’d only make it mad.

			Hear me, Winter, I thought. Converge on that engagement. Kill anything that tries to harm those children.

			The air was suddenly split with the screams and battle cries of ogres and gnomes, malks and Black Dogs, the wild ululations of a couple of Wyld Sidhe, the strangled moan of a freaking Rawhead, and the chittering screech of some of those damned big spiders that had been such a pain in my ass on several occasions, as they all leapt forward at their fastest pace to find and destroy the enemy.

			Murphy gave me a wide-eyed look, glanced down and back, and then set her jaw.

			“Go!” I shouted.

			The Harley roared.

			And with monsters as our vanguard, off we went to be Jotunslayers.





Chapter





Twenty



We heard the sound of gunfire ahead, a lone pistol firing measured shots. Its defiance sounded thin indeed against the shrieks of the Huntsmen’s spear blasts.

			“Cut the engine,” I said.

			Murphy goosed a little more power out of the throttle and then cut the Harley’s engine. The heavy bike rolled forward almost silently on momentum and we had time to see what was happening.

			A single man defended the doorway of a staircase that led up to the second level. A sign posted beside him read THIRD WATCH CHILD CARE. He wasn’t terribly tall, was almost unbelievably stout, and with a shock I recognized Detective Bradley from Internal Affairs.

			A howling blast from a spear blew an inch of stonework off the doorway next to Bradley, and though chips of stone cut into his scalp, he didn’t flinch as he sighted down the barrel of his service pistol and squeezed off a shot.

			One of the Huntsmen’s heads jerked back and the creature fell to join three others on the ground—and those remaining screamed and swelled in size.

			The slide of the pistol locked back, as the Huntsmen charged the doorway. Bradley calmly discarded the weapon, reached for his ankle, drew his backup, and put three rounds from a little revolver into the lead Huntsman’s chest as it charged.

			The thing staggered and thrust its spear at Bradley. The blocky man slapped the weapon aside with one hand, seized the haft in one thick fist, jammed the pistol up under the Huntsman’s jaw, and emptied the little revolver, sending the thing crashing and thrashing to the ground.

			Bradley, half his face masked in blood, dropped the empty revolver, took up the spear in a grip that showed he knew something about using one, faced the remaining Huntsmen, and screamed, “Come on!”

			They roared back, the cries like a pack of beasts, none of them the same species.

			Five dead Huntsmen. Bradley had picked a good position to fight from, surrounded in stone, slight elevation from the street, good cover. But he was out of ammo now, bleeding, and the remaining Huntsmen would only be that much stronger and more difficult to hurt.

			And still he planted his feet. “Come on, you ugly bastards!”

			“That son of a bitch beat me in every tournament I ever fought him,” Murphy said. “Harry.”

			Winter, I thought. Take the Huntsmen.

			The ogres went in first, simply leaping from adjacent rooftops, huge white-furred things like River Shoulders, if he’d been a smoker since childhood, after a heroin bender. Though lean and seedy-looking, they were still enormous, viciously strong, and unremittingly savage. One of them landed on a Huntsman with a three-story atomic elbow and crushed it with a great crackling of breaking bones. The other landed on a planted spear that went in its chest and burst through its back in a welter of gore and silver flame. The ogre shrieked like a demon as the Huntsman arced the spear to one side and brought the dying Winter fae crashing down to the street.

			Malks yowled like a herd of chain saws and came bounding in from all angles. The Huntsmen’s spears howled and sent some of the murderous beasts to whatever hell waited for them, but there were simply not enough of them to target the streaking forms of the malks. They overbore two of the Huntsmen and buried them in a mound of thick fur and frenzied claws sharper than X-Acto knives. The Huntsmen died screaming.

			Beside them, the troop of gnomes had emerged from an alley and flung a dozen hatchets at another Huntsman, even as it swelled in size and power. The wickedly sharp weapons hit with savage effect, setting the Huntsman staggering, and Black Dogs flashed past, fangs raking, and tore through its hamstrings. Once it was at ground level, the gnomes, chestnut-skinned, white-haired little guys maybe two and a half or three feet high, had no problems reaching its vitals.

			One of the remaining Huntsmen turned to flee—only to confront the Rawhead coming out of the alley. The fae beast, made of the bones of slaughtered animals and foes, was an enormous form under a great black cloak. The cloak flared out, and the bulky body of the Rawhead, made of hundreds of sharpened bones, began to contort and shriek in a sound uncomfortably like that of a meat grinder.

			The Rawhead seized the Huntsman and dragged it beneath its cloak. Its bones rent and tore, where I couldn’t see it, and the Huntsman screamed in fury. And then there was a lot of blood and sausage tumbling out from beneath the Rawhead’s cloak and piling up on the Huntsman’s feet and lower legs.

			The last Huntsman roared, rearing up in size—and the second-largest malk I’d ever seen, the size of a mountain lion but far bulkier, flew like an arrow for the creature’s face. Grimalkin’s forepaws spread out to snowshoe proportions and sprouted two-inch claws that latched into the Huntsman’s face. The Elder malk sank its jaws into one of the Huntsman’s eyes, gripping on like a vise to the orbital bone beneath—and thus braced, the supernaturally powerful, swift cat began to rake with its rear claws.

			In less than a second, the last Huntsman’s throat looked like twenty or thirty pounds of pulled pork soaked in ketchup.

			The Elder malk flung himself aside as the Huntsman, not even yet fully grown into the size of the ones we’d had to kill, dropped limply to the ground, gushing blood like a broken water main. Grimalkin landed not ten feet in front of the Harley, flicked each set of claws once, fastidiously, and said, in that utterly unnerving feline voice, “Sir Knight. Elder Grimalkin, reporting for duty.”

			“Jesus Mary Mother of God,” Murphy breathed.

			Grimalkin flattened his ears and gave Murphy a glower, then turned to me and said, “There are multiple warbands on the adjoining streets. My kin keep them occupied, for now. We are badly outnumbered, Sir Knight. Retreat would be ideal, before—”

			The Jotun’s horn blared. In the haze and among the buildings, it was impossible to tell where it was, other than . . .

			“Close,” Murphy breathed.

			“Before that,” Grimalkin said sourly.

			“Well done, Elder,” I said. “But we’re getting those kids out.”

			The malk growled. “We cannot contest a Jotun, Sir Knight.”

			“Pussy,” Murphy said.

			I blinked at her.

			She smirked. “Too good, couldn’t resist.”

			Grimalkin’s fur bristled and his weight shifted slightly.

			Without breaking her smirk, Murphy swept her pistol out and covered the malk as quick as blinking. “Steel-jacketed rounds tonight, friend,” she advised. “Play nice.”

			Grimalkin growled at Murphy, eyed me, then relaxed as if nothing had happened. He flexed the claws out of his right forepaw and regarded them idly, ignoring Murphy completely.

			She put the gun away and returned the favor. But she never quite let the malk out of her sight.

			They’d get on fine.

			I swung off the bike. Murphy followed. I beckoned Butters and the Alphas. “We’re getting those kids out first,” I said, walking. “Grimalkin, you and Winter keep a corridor open for us, back to the defenses.”

			“We cannot hold it long,” Grimalkin warned me.

			“Do it,” I said over my shoulder. “Go.”

			The Elder malk made a throaty, ugly sound and vanished before it could even complete turning away.

			I came up on the entry to the day-care center stairwwell to find Bradley gripping his spear and standing braced in the doorway, his eyes very, very wide. The spear was already degrading and flaking away. It’d be gone in a few more minutes.

			“Hey, Detective Bradley. It’s, uh, me. Harry Dresden. Remember?”

			The blocky man stared at me. Then he jerked his head in a nod.

			“Murph,” I said.

			She stepped past me, her hands out. “Hey, hey. Brian. You with me, buddy?”

			Bradley stared at her for a second and then lowered the spear a little. “We aren’t buddies, Sergeant. You kind of hate my guts.”

			Murphy looked from the liquefying forms of the slain Huntsmen to Bradley. “That was then. This is now.”

			He blinked. “What the hell are you talking about?” He twitched as the wolves and Butters brought up the rear. “What the hell is happening?”

			“Hi,” Butters said, and waved.

			“Hi?” said Bradley. He blinked. “Doctor Butters?”

			“You know all that stuff I told you in closed session that you thought was bullshit?” Murphy asked.

			“And all that stuff I told you in closed session that you thought was bullshit?” Butters added brightly.

			The blocky detective looked from the dead Huntsmen and the fallen fae back to Murphy and Butters. “Jesus Christ.”

			Bradley handled it pretty well. He got a little whiter around the eyes for a couple of seconds, and then he closed them firmly, set his jaw, and adjusted, visibly.

			“Fuck it, I’ll lose my mind later,” he said, and when he opened his eyes again, he had his cop face on. “I got six kids, a nice old lady, and a Rudolph up there. How do we get them out?”

			“Back to Millennium Park,” I said. “We’re keeping a corridor open. Send them west from there.”

