			Shrieks and yowls burst out around us, as Winter launched an attack upon enemy forces. Huntsmen howled, and their spears wailed. In the background, but closer, came the thunder of the Eye claiming another building.

			“Get the kids out now,” Murphy said.

			Bradley tensed his jaw, nodded, dropped the spear, and pounded up the stairway. He paused by the door, flattened himself against a wall, and called, “It’s Bradley,” before he opened it with one hand, staying well clear.

			“Bradley?” came Rudolph’s voice. It was panicky.

			Rudolph had run into monsters a couple of times. Granted, both of those times had been bad. But he’d been like a lot of people who run into the supernatural—he just couldn’t handle it. Maybe that was a personal shortcoming. Or maybe he’d just been born without the capacity to face that kind of terrifying reality. Either way, it made it harder to like him, especially at times like this.

			“It’s me,” he said.

			“Dammit, Bradley!” Rudolph screamed.

			“It’s me . . . sir . . .” Bradley said, his voice heavy with patience.

			“Get in here! Get under cover!”

			“We’ve got to get out of here while we can,” Bradley said. “Get the kids—we’ve got to go.”

			“Are you crazy?” Rudolph demanded. “It’s a war zone out there!”

			I leaned in and shouted up the stairwell, “It’s going be a war zone right in there with you if you don’t get moving, Rudolph!”

			“Dresden!?”

			“Yes, it’s me, moron,” I said, in my grumpiest wizard voice. “And we’re not going to be able to get out for much longer, you knucklehead, so move it!”

			“This is your doing!” Rudolph squealed. “More of your lies!”

			Bradley got a peculiar expression on his face. I wasn’t sure what it was, exactly, though you could probably have captioned the photo, How Could I Have Been So Blind?

			He held up a finger to me. Then he walked in through the door.

			There was a thump, and a clatter.

			Bradley emerged from the day care with Rudolph draped limply over one shoulder, and the man’s pistol in his own shoulder holster. He was carrying a small child, maybe two years old, in the other arm.

			Behind him came a woman with steely hair and a grandmother’s clothing. She held an infant in the cradle of one arm and the hand of a small string of larger children who followed her, all holding hands.

			Bradley led them down the stairs and onto the street. Butters immediately went to take the infant from the older woman, who surrendered the child with a grateful grimace and a twitch of her shoulder.

			The wolves immediately took position around the children, without me telling them to. They wagged their tails and took little happy steps and generally performed the canine equivalent of pinching their cheeks and making a fuss over them. The kids were instantly enchanted by the group of doggies.

			Who also did their best to keep their furry bodies between the children’s eyes and the worst of the horrors around us.

			They felt like I did. That no one should have to look at that kind of thing. And that those of us who already had? We were glad when we could spare someone else the same invisible wounds.

			I fell in beside Bradley, who carried his own weight and that of two other souls without visible effort. “The wolves are great kids. They’ll go with you, get you and the kids out. Two blocks south, to the park. There’re volunteers holding out at the pavilion. Tell them that the wizard sent you to see Sanya. He’s a big black Russian guy. Tell him I want him to give you an escort out.”

			“South, pavilion, Sanya, wizard sent me, get the kids out,” Bradley confirmed. He eyed the wolves. “Friendlies?”

			“Yeah,” I said.

			He heaved a breath. Then set his jaw, nodded, and said, “Got it.”

			“Good man,” I said. “You’re handling this well.”

			“I am not,” Bradley said without slowing his steps. “I am not.”

			“Then you are freaking out in the most useful way possible,” I said. “Keep it up.”

			Bradley stared at me for a second. Then he let out a bark of crack-voiced laughter. But it was a real laugh. He hoisted Rudolph into a slightly more comfortable position on one wide, thick shoulder—Rudolph let out a groan of protest neither of us listened to—and kept walking.

			“Butters,” I said, slowing my steps for a moment to drop even with the little Knight.

			“It’s kids, Harry,” he said. He showed me the hilt of Fidelacchius, carried in the hand that wasn’t holding a baby. “I’ll take care of them.”

			I squeezed his shoulder.

			And the ground shook.

			We traded a wide-eyed look, and I said, “Get them out, go!”

			“Harry!” Murphy shouted from behind me.

			The ground shook again.

			Bradley staggered and fell. He curled his body around the child to shield her, which meant that I’m afraid Rudolph took the brunt of it. The poor man. The gun hadn’t been strapped into Bradley’s holster and it clattered onto the street.

			I whirled, feet spread wide for balance, as a pair of comets shot out of a side street half a block up, whirling in an evasive helix in the haze, as the damned Jotun from before, bruised and bloodied and furious, swiped its axe at them.

			“My lord!” trumpeted Toot-Toot. “I have engaged the enemy!”

			The axe nearly split my major general in twain, but the second glowing globe hit him at the last second, as Lacuna slammed a shoulder into his, causing them both to veer out of the weapon’s way.

			“Pay attention, fool!” she screamed.

			The Jotun saw us and dropped into a low slide, legs spread wide like a surfer, slamming its axe into the street and dragging it behind like some berserk plow, rending the street with an enormous roar of breaking concrete and blacktop as it used the weapon to slow its enormous momentum.

			So that it could turn toward us.

			The ground shook under the violence of the Jotun’s very presence.

			I rubbernecked and saw Bradley struggling to rise. Butters was hurrying the nice old lady and the children along, but their best pace wasn’t a fast walk, and they were all in plain sight of the Jotun, utterly vulnerable.

			Right. That made my choice simple.

			Suicidal, but simple.

			I turned to fight.

			Murphy sprinted past me and behind me as the Jotun roared and raised its axe from the street. As if in tandem with its rising fury, the axe burst into flame. The Jotun roared, flexed muscles the size of European automobiles, moved with the technique perfect to use the full force of its unthinkably powerful body—and flung the axe, spinning parallel to the ground like the blade of a lawn mower.

			What must have been at least half a ton of hard, sharp, burning metal came whirling toward my freaking face.





Chapter





Twenty-one



It is often surprising to people to discover exactly how strong a human being can be if he knows what he’s doing.

			The Jotun knew what he was doing. Given the raw power behind that throw, there was no way I was going to stop it. I could put every inch of power I had into a shield and be unable to stop that axe’s edge.

			But I might be able to deflect it.

			I summoned my will and rammed it into the shield bracelet on my left wrist. It hissed and popped with stray sparks of green-gold power as the energy of my magic met the inefficiencies in the material and spells carved into the copper bracelet, and the thing heated up almost immediately, as I brought a shimmering plane into being in front of me—and then I dropped to a knee and tilted the shield back, way back, into a slope of maybe twenty degrees.

			The giant axe hit my shield in an explosion of kinetic and magical energy. Literally. There was an explosion centered where the shield and the axe met, and I realized with a belated shock that the Jotun had imbued considerable power of its own into the axe.

			The world went white and silent.

			I was flung a good fifteen feet back across the ground and wound up slamming into Bradley, who was only then getting moving again. Rudolph, tragically, got roughed up again as a result, oh no. I lay there for a second, stunned, and watched glass from hundreds of shattered windows fall with almost dreamy slowness toward the ground. My bracelet burned hot enough to scald skin, and the Winter mantle sent me pulses of weird tingly sensations to let me know what was going on.

			I shook my head and looked around blearily. The axe had hit my shield at an odd angle and skittered off to my left and up. It was buried to the eye in what looked like an office building, as if an enormous lumberjack had sunk it in so that he could spit on his hands and get to work.

			Oh right. The Jotun.

			I drove my staff into the ground and shoved myself to my feet, shaking my head in an attempt to get the damned bells to stop ringing.

			The ground shook as I did.

			I looked up to find the Jotun standing maybe twenty yards away, scowling down at me. It tilted its enormous head and studied me for a few seconds. Then in a voice so deep I could barely understand the word, it rumbled, “Seidrmadr.”

			What the hell. I faced it and said, “Jotun.”

			Its brow furrowed with cold anger. His skin was ruddy, his features rough-hewn, and his eyes were an almost violent shade of grass green within the shadows of his helm. From this close, I could see the enormous ugly scarring around his mouth, faded with time but lumpy and displeasing nonetheless. “Who are you and what have you done, that I might know whom I kill?”

			Oh right. Old-school Viking. I had been recognized as someone worth fighting, and now it was time to boast, which suited me fine. I had people who needed time to escape.

			I glanced back over my shoulder, to where Bradley was struggling to rise, cradling the child with great care and tenderness inside the circle of his torn and bleeding arms, and with a shock, I realized why he’d been at that day-care center in the first place.

			The little girl was his.

			Oh God.

			If Maggie was on this street right now, I’d be losing my mind with terror for her.

			Bradley staggered up drunkenly and then turned to Rudolph, who was stirring feebly.

			“Get the girl out,” I said in a low, intense voice. “She’s more important. I’ll take care of Rudy.”

			Bradley hesitated. Of course. No good cop leaves his partner behind. But Bradley had seen some awful things that night, and he made the choice most fathers would.

			He picked up his little girl and ran to get her clear.

			I turned back to the Jotun and drew myself up to my full height, which meant I was eye to lower quadriceps with him.

			“I am Harry, son of Malcolm,” I shouted back. “I have battled dark sorcerers and black knights! I have fought men and beasts in numbers too great for counting, invaded the heart of Winter, confronted necromancers and the living dead, vampires and ghouls and demons in their hordes endless! I have matched wits with the six Queens of Faerie and prevailed, and thwarted the combined will of the White Council! When they came for my child, I smote the Red Court of Vampires, and laid them in ruin for all the world to see. I am Harry, son of Malcolm, and I have entered the vaults of Tartarus, and stolen its treasures beneath the gaze of Hades himself! And I’m about to add giant slaying to my résumé.”

			That seemed to please the Jotun immensely. His smile grew wider and wider, showing more and more teeth the size of dinner plates. “Impressive claims.”

			“Damned right,” I shouted back. “Who are you and what do you got?”

			The Jotun lifted his hand. There was a groan of concrete and steel breaking, and then that damned huge axe just flew back into his hand as if it had been drawn by a cartoon magnet.

			“I am Svangar, son of Svangi,” the Jotun roared back. He used one hand to gesture toward his scarred mouth, infusing it with contempt. “I have fought the Odinson and lived to tell the tale.”

			I swallowed.

			I didn’t know much about Thor beyond what stories, comics, and movies tell. But from what I understood he was pretty much the Jotnar’s boogeyman. If this particular Jotun had survived that boss fight, it was probably safe to assume he was no pushover.

			Worse, I had hoped to keep his attention longer, while he bawled his boasts in my face. Just my luck, I had probably found the one Jotun in the universe who had a humblebrag of that magnitude. You couldn’t not use that one to boast.

			My mouth was pretty dry. I didn’t reply. I just nodded.

			Svangar nodded back.

			Then he roared and came at me, axe whirling.

			The thing about creatures as big as the Jotun is that they come without power steering. There was simply too much mass building too much momentum for them to be quick to alter course—their whole life must be like walking on a sheet of slippery ice. Not only that, but nervous systems are nervous systems. Signals that have to travel a maximum of six feet are going to be faster than ones that have to cover twenty.

			I had to make that advantage count. If I could dance fast enough, maybe I could maneuver Svangar into tripping into a building or something, and run before he got loose.

			With the reach that axe gave him, there was no way to get around him without coming into range—and I did not want to do that. One hit from that thing, and I’d look like a Rorschach test image.

			So I ran right at him.

			Svangar bellowed a war cry as the axe came down toward me.

			I pointed my staff to one side, focused my will, and screamed, “Forzare!”

			Even magic can’t escape a lot of fundamental physics. Project force at something and it pushes back with an equal and opposite reaction. I used a lot of force, slamming against a brick building to my right. The building slammed me back, and the impact sent me flying to one side—and out from under the axe.

			The axe cleaved into the asphalt where I’d been a second before. I flew sideways and forward, dropping into a roll as I came down to the ground. The giant roared, his momentum taking him into his own axe. The handle jabbed him in the gut with a whoosh of expelled air that sound like a miniature gale.

			I made my feet again and darted up the street a dozen paces, to force the Jotun to face me and turn his back on the escapees.

			Svangar wasn’t a dummy, though. He knew he was slower.

			So he twisted his blazing axe, melted a bunch of the street’s asphalt into a blob of burning tar that could have filled a small hot tub, and flung it at me even before he’d begun to turn.

			I dodged that one easily enough—but Svangar had never intended to turn me into a living, screaming tar baby. As the Jotun turned, he simply seized a disabled car in one hand and flung it at me sidearm at the speed of a major-league fastball.

			I brought my shield up in time, angling it to my left as I darted right. The car hit the shield, which flared into nearly coherent green-gold light. Broken glass and fiberglass and metal flew out from the impact. The smashed car spun wildly away, but even so, Isaac Newton had his two bits. I was knocked to my right, staggered, and had to put a hand on the street to keep from falling.

			I recovered my balance, drew my blasting rod from my coat, slammed my will through it, and shouted, “Fuego!”

			The raw energy of the terrified city supercharged my spell. The beam of molten-gold energy that lashed out from its tip, as bright as any arc welder’s fire, forced me to close my eyes and turn away from its intensity in the smoldering ember light of the burning city, and left a blazon of blue-purple light across the insides of my eyelids.

			I blinked them open again frantically to find the Jotun eyeing me, with a large section of the mail over his heart glowing deep orange.

			“A little flame like that?” rumbled the Jotun. “Against a son of Muspelheim?”

			Dammit. Fire was my go-to exactly because it usually did the trick.

			The Jotun snorted contemptuously. Then he swung his axe broadside at a building, which put up about as much resistance as dandelions do to machetes, and sent a cloud of broken glass and concrete and steel at me.

			I lifted my arm to cover my face and brought up my shield. Broken glass rattled against the spell-armored sleeve of my duster. One piece got by and my ear suddenly went hot and tingly. The rest slammed into my shield and drove me back until I hit the hood of a parked car, taking my legs out from under me and sending me crashing to my back on the sidewalk.

			My heart slammed with terror.

			This wasn’t a fight; it was an earthquake—and I was running around in the middle of it like a damned fool.

			Svangar took a couple of huge strides and the axe came down.

			I braced the end of my staff against the hollow of my shoulder, the way I would have a rifle, and screamed, “Forzare!”

			The air was too thick with energy that night. I’d given the spell a lot more than I meant to. The staff kicked back against me like a mule. I heard my shoulder re-dislocate with an audible tearing sound and a burst of pain-static—but I held on and was flung violently away from the descending axe.

			I fetched up against another car, hard enough to drive the wind right out of me.

			The Jotun turned his axe sideways like a flyswatter, took a stride toward me, and raised it.

			And that was when I saw Bradley vanish into the haze, the last of the company of escapees—but Murphy hadn’t gone with them.

			She was standing next to her Harley, and the box labeled CAMPING SUPPLIES was wide open.

			I watched her draw out a round tube with a couple of grip points and a control pad, painted olive drab. She extended the tube, flipped up some kind of little doohickey on it, lifted it to her freaking shoulder, and settled her fingers lightly on the control pad.

			“You fight like a woman, seidrmadr,” Svangar snarled.

			“Hey, drittsekk!” Murphy shouted.

			Svangar turned his head toward her, his expression furious.

			One corner of her mouth crooked up in a smile and her blue eyes were cold. “Me, too.”

			And she fired the weapon.

			I don’t know a lot about military hardware. But if you’re going to fight a Jotun, it seems to me a bazooka is about the right caliber.

			I didn’t really see the rocket fly. That’s not how those things work. They move at about the speed of a handgun bullet. There was simply an explosion followed almost instantaneously by another explosion in the hollow of Svangar’s throat. CrackBOOM.

			Resisting fire was a nifty trick, but in the end, again, Sir Isaac will always weigh in on matters. Fire is an absolute, a collection point of energy, and it can always get hotter. Eventually, as with any defense, there’s a limit to what it can do, a point of catastrophic failure—and Murphy’s rocket found that limit.

			Ever see a watermelon get smashed with a sledgehammer?

			It was sort of like that.

			Flesh and blood exploded from the Jotun in a cloud of aerial chum. I could see Svangar’s cracked and blackened collarbone and his freaking spine through the hole in his neck. The Jotun staggered, his shoulder smashing into a building, raised his axe one last time—and fell as it dropped from his suddenly nerveless fingers.

			The giant’s body crushed two cars and knocked over a streetlight as it came down. One outflung hand landed not three feet from my toes.

			And suddenly the street was silent and very still.

			I got up and walked toward her, taking slow steps, wide around the fallen Jotun. It was a little difficult to keep my balance. I might not have been able to feel it, but the pain was taking its physical toll on me. My entire body tingled unpleasantly.

			“Fight like a woman, my ass,” Murphy muttered darkly, glowering at the dead giant.

			She stood there with the rocket launcher on her shoulder and one hand on her hip and grinned at me as I came close.

			“Seriously?” I asked. “A bazooka?”

			“Had two. That other one was my practice launch,” she said.

			“You never told me about it.”

			Her grin widened. “No, you great gawking man-child. You’d have wanted to play with it.”

			I put a hand over my heart and gave her a wounded look. “Ow.”

			“Truth hurts, huh?”

			“Drittsekk?” I asked her.

			“Norwegian for, ah, scumbag,” she said. Then she glanced at my expression and said, “I’m a cop, Harry. There’s tradition to consider.”

			Before I could respond, Rudolph’s panicky voice screamed, “Both of you, don’t move! Don’t either of you scumbags move a fucking muscle!”

			I blinked and looked to one side. Rudolph had a shiner on his jawline that had already swollen into a proper mouse. He was standing on his feet, wobbling, his face pasty and his eyes wide and confused. His suit was torn and wrinkled and sprinkled with bits of blood from what appeared to be a broken nose. But he was in a Weaver stance, had recovered his gun from where Bradley had lost it, and had the weapon leveled at Murphy.

			“Terrorist!” he gabbled. “You’re a goddamned terrorist!”

			“Rudolph,” Murphy said, “you don’t know what’s going on.”

			The whites of his eyes got bigger. “You just killed someone with a rocket launcher!”

			Murphy eyed the fallen Jotun. “That was the idea, yeah.”

			“Hey, hey, Rudolph,” I said. “Easy. Easy. Look, we can’t be here for very long. There’s more of the enemy coming. We all need to go.”

			“Shut up, shut up!” Rudolph screamed, tracking the gun to me. “Shut the fuck up, you lowlife!”

			I began to lift a hand, to flick a wave of force at him, to take the gun out of his hand—but I didn’t.

			I looked at my arm. I told it to rise. It ignored me. I couldn’t tell what was going on behind the cloud of static flooding my nervous system. Christ, that was the shoulder I’d dislocated, again. Without being able to sense the pain of the injury, I hadn’t noticed.

			“Rudolph!” Murphy said, her voice cracking with authority. “We’re trying to help you. Jesus, Mary, and Joseph, man, at least take your finger off the trigger.”

			Rudolph swung the weapon back to Murphy and began to shriek in a high-pitched voice, pushing the gun forward for emphasis. “I don’t need you to—”

			The gun went off.

			The emptied rocket launcher fell to the street with a metallic clatter, splattered with scarlet.

			Murphy dropped like a stone.





Chapter





Twenty-two



Rudolph stood there, shocked at the sudden noise. He stared at the gun. Then at Murphy. “What? What?”

			“Medic!” I screamed, rushing forward. “Medic! Medic!”

			Murphy lay on the street behind her motorcycle. One knee had bent so that she was lying on her lower leg. The emptied rocket launcher was still rocking where it fell.

			I knelt over her. Her eyes were open wide as she stared up.

			The fire of the Eye flared again, briefly turned the world scarlet.

			I didn’t care.

			I ripped her jacket and shirt open.

			The bullet had gone into her neck, a quarter of an inch above her Kevlar vest. It hadn’t gone straight through. It had begun tumbling when it hit and had come out under and behind her left ear, leaving a trail of ravaged flesh in its wake. Blood came out as from a fountain.

			“Karrin,” I said. “Oh God.”

			I ripped the duster off, tore my shirt in my haste to get it off over my head, wrapped it into a pad, and put pressure on the gaping wound. As long as I didn’t try to move it at the shoulder, my injured arm functioned a little. I could use both hands. “Medic!”

			There was so much blood. It soaked my shirt through.

			I heard footsteps running toward us.

			“Karrin, I’m here,” I said. “Help is coming. Hang on.”

			She coughed blood.

			“Harry,” she said.

			Her lips went red with blood when she said my name.

			Her voice was ragged.

			“I’m here,” I said. It was hard to see her. The world had gone blurry. “I’m here.”

			The blood was making a pool around her golden hair.

			The running footsteps came to a sudden stop.

			Murphy made a couple of gurgling, choking sounds.

			I looked up to see Waldo Butters standing ten feet away, staring at Murphy.

			His face said everything.

			“No,” I said. “No, no, no, Karrin? Come on, Karrin.”

			She looked up at me for a second, and the corners of her eyes wrinkled as she smiled weakly. Her face had gone grey. Her lips were blue. “Not from you. I like Murph from you.”

			“Okay,” I said. I could barely choke the words. “Murph.”

			She reached across her chest and weakly touched my hand with hers.

			“Harry,” she said. “I lov—”

			Her eyes were on mine, and I couldn’t look away. I felt the soulgaze begin.

			And I saw the flame of a candle go out.

			Her eyes emptied. Just emptied, like the windows of an abandoned house. One moment, her body had been gasping for breath, straining, her face full of pain and confusion.

			Then . . .

			It was just an empty house.

			“No,” I said. “No, no, no.”

			I bent over her. Airway, breathing, circulation. I opened her mouth, tried to make sure it was clear. But it was pooled with blood.

			I couldn’t see her then. Was weeping. I bent over her anyway, breathed into her mouth.

			“Harry,” Butters said. His voice creaked.

			I breathed in five deep breaths, tasted blood. “Keep the pressure!”

			Butters knelt down, his body moving on autopilot, his face stunned. He put his hands over the pad, and I did compressions.

			On an empty house.

			I leaned down to breathe for Murphy again. Then more compressions.

			“Harry,” Butters said. “Harry.”

			Five breaths. Compressions. It was hard work. In a couple of minutes I felt dizzy as hell.

			“Harry, you can’t,” Butters said. “You can’t.”

			“Come on!” I screamed. “Murph, come on!”

			I breathed for her again.

			I broke her rib on the next compression.

			But it didn’t matter.

			It was nothing but an empty house.

			I felt Butters put his hands on my wrists. He drew them gently away. “Harry,” he said, his voice thick. “Harry, even if she’d been on a table when it happened . . .”

			I didn’t look away from her face. From her eyes.

			I’d been too afraid to soulgaze Murph. Everyone who had done that with me had seen something that didn’t please them. I’d been afraid to lose her, and I’d never allowed it.

			Now it was too late.

			The eyes are the windows of the soul.

			And Murphy’s eyes were just the windows of an empty house.

			There was nothing inside to gaze upon.

			I put my forehead against hers and wept. Helplessly. I screamed in rage and denial as I did. I knew the sound was ugly, was hardly human.

			I felt Butters’s hand on my shoulder.

			“Harry, we’ve got to go. We have to.”

			I shook him off with a violent twist of my shoulders.

			She was gone.

			Murphy was gone.

			And the Winter mantle did nothing, did less than nothing, for the pain.

			I put my hand on her hair. Her head was still warm. I could still smell her shampoo, beneath all the iron scent of her blood.

			I felt myself start to scream again. But I grabbed onto that scream and coldly choked it to death.

			I leaned down and kissed her forehead, closing my eyes. Felt the pain rising in me. And I embraced it. Welcomed it. I watched the futures I’d hoped we would have die before my eyes. I let the pain burn away everything nonessential.

			When I opened my eyes again and looked up, the world had gone grey scale.

			Except for Rudolph.

			Rudolph was bathed in light the color of Murphy’s blood.

			He flinched as my gaze fell on him.

			Butters got what was happening. Somewhere in the distance, I heard him say, in a warning tone. “Harry. Harry, what are you doing?”

			Rudolph began taking terrified steps back. He pointed the gun at me and I couldn’t have cared less. “Wait. Wait. I didn’t mean . . .”

			I rose.

			“Harry, no!” Butters said sharply.

			Rudolph turned and ran.

			That made things simple.

			I took off after my prey.





