Chapter





Twenty-three



Hate is comforting.

			Hate is pure.

			There aren’t any questions, any worries about right and wrong, any quibbles about your motivations or goals. There are no doubts.

			Hate is serene.

			Rudolph ran. I pursued. And when I caught him, I would kill him. Horribly.

			Nothing else entered into it.

			I’ll give the guy this much credit: He could move. He’d always been careful about his looks, and evidently that meant a lot of cardio as well as expensive suits. He ran well.

			But he didn’t have my focus, my clarity, and he hadn’t been running himself half to death every morning for months and months. He was human. He felt pain. It was an enormous disadvantage.

			I gained.

			He made funny sounds as he ran. Little gasps and whimpers. He was terrified. He should have been. In a city of monsters, he’d just pissed off one of the worst.

			He took a right turn into a little loading area behind a building, tried a door, and found it locked. Obviously. Everyone who wasn’t running was forting up. There were more monsters than unlocked doors in Chicago that night. I don’t know what he was thinking.

			He turned from the door, desperate, lifted his gun, and started shooting at me as fast as he could pull the trigger.

			I raised my shield and slowed to a walk. Some of the shots went wide. Some bounced off the shield. None of them threatened me.

			“You can’t!” Rudolph screamed. He fumbled at his armpit and withdrew another magazine. “You can’t!”

			Before he could reload, I just walked forward into him, holding up the shield, and smashed him back against the steel door behind him.

			Then I set my legs against the ground and started pushing.

			Rudolph made a short, high-pitched sound of pain. The shield caught the barrel of his gun and forced it one way, his wrist another. The idiot still had his finger locked on the trigger. I heard the finger break.

			“Dresden, no!” Rudolph screamed.

			I pushed harder. Fire might have been good, but my damned arm would make it difficult. This felt better. Felt right. I thought about saying something about grinding his bones to make my bread, but I didn’t feel like conversation at that moment. Besides. Why waste breath on a corpse?

			We were in pandemonium.

			No one was going to ask any questions about one more body.

			I pushed harder. Rudolph tried to scream again. There wasn’t enough room between my shield and the metal door for his lungs to expand all the way, so it came out breathy and weak. His eyes were wide and terrified, I noted, but that was to be expected. He was dying, after all.

			The sour scent of urine filled the air.

			I took note of it and adjusted my feet slightly so that I could lean in harder.

			He went for his phone, of all the stupid things. His goddamned phone. As if anything there would do him any good. As if it would function and let him call for help. As if it would arrive in time to do him any good.

			The phone fell from his fingers as he tried to gasp for breath.

			I saw it on his face when he realized what was going to happen. When the panic took him, and the tears. When his hope faltered and died.

			It made me feel something hot and sweet deep in my guts.

			You killed her.

			Feel what I feel, you bastard.

			My teeth were bared. I felt sick, and hollow, and strong.

			I pushed harder.

			I heard a bone break. I didn’t care where it might have been. I just liked the sound and wanted to hear more of it.

			“Bozhe moi,” came a sudden, startled voice from somewhere behind me. “Dresden. What is the meaning of this?”

			“Fuck off, Sanya,” I snarled. “Won’t be a minute.”

			Rudolph made a gurgling sound.

			“Dresden,” Sanya said. His deep voice was troubled, which stood to reason. He didn’t have much clarity, like I did. “He is no threat to you. Stop this.”

			“He killed Murphy,” I said. My voice sounded calm. “I’m going to balance those scales real quick. Then we’ll get to work.”

			“No,” Sanya said. “That is not your place.”

			I heard the steel in his voice.

			I turned my head slowly and looked at him.

			The Knight of Hope drew Esperacchius from his side. The saber gleamed with a harsh, threatening light in the dimness of the alleyway.

			“Let him go,” Sanya said. “You are killing a man. If he has done wrong, he will face justice. But not like this.”

			“Just a second,” I said, as if I was putting together a sandwich.

			Sanya’s expression was strange. I couldn’t track what it was. But I knew it wasn’t appropriate to the situation. He stalked closer, moving well. Very well. He was a more worthy opponent. “Harry Dresden. I will not ask again.”

			Something disturbed the purity of my hatred then. I couldn’t tell what it was, but it pissed me off.

			What had been a profoundly pure experience had been disrupted. This creature, this Rudolph, didn’t deserve even the death I was about to give him. He couldn’t even die properly, forcing me to work for it. He was beyond contempt.

			“Walk away, Sanya,” I said shortly. “This is happening.”

			Sanya wouldn’t walk away. That wasn’t the Knight’s style. He wasn’t going to let me finish my business. I would have to reason with him.

			Sanya closed his eyes for a second, as if in pain.

			Which, come on. That was just stupid.

			I dropped the shield, whipped toward him, and kicked him in the balls.

			I was fast and strong. But Sanya had been fighting for his life against various bad guys for a while now and wasn’t going to be taken down by a sucker punch. He managed to move his hips at the last second, taking some of the impact out of the kick. So instead of dropping him to the ground, the blow knocked him back and staggered him, but he kept his feet.

			I gave Sanya no time to recover. I followed up, inside the reach of Esperacchius, getting my left forearm across his right, driving his arm back and up and not letting it come back down. He was big and strong. I was bigger, stronger. I crowded him against a wall, drove my knee up into his belly, once, twice, hard enough to break boards.

			Then the Russian’s head snapped forward into my face. There was a burst of static pain in the general area of my head, and then I was on my way back across the alley. My shoulders hit the wall, hard. There was a crackling noise, a flash of heat in my shoulder—and then I could move my right arm readily again.

			Sanya had driven a fist like a sledgehammer twice into my belly by the time I caught his blow with my right forearm before a third could land. I stomped down as hard as I could on one of his feet, with mixed results—the Russian had worn steel-toed work boots. He staggered a little, then threw a knee at my groin. I blocked it with one thigh, the one I’d hurt earlier, and the world narrowed to a tunnel for a second before I twisted my head to one side, found his ear, and bit down as hard as I could.

			Sanya screamed and his weight shifted back.

			I used that change of weight, set my legs, and drove him across the alleyway with the full power of my body and the strength of the Winter Knight. He hit the wall with a vicious impact. I felt it drive the air from his lungs, and I let out a shout of triumph as he bounced off, stunned for maybe all of a second.

			I hit him, hard, three times in that second, driving my fist into the side of his neck, into the base of his jaw under the ear, and into his temple, wham, wham, wham.

			The Sword fell out of his hand.

			The Russian toppled. He hit the ground stunned, making gagging sounds.

			“Self-righteous loudmouth,” I snarled down at him. “This is no concern of yours.”

			The hate was calling me. I had no time for further distractions, as satisfying as they might have been.

			I spat the taste of blood out of my mouth and turned back to Rudolph.

			He was on the ground, curled into a ball, gasping with pain, making choking sounds. He’d lost control of his bowels as well, and the stench made me want to tear his arms and legs off, one at a time.

			But he wasn’t alone.

			Waldo Butters had taken a knee beside him.

			The little Knight faced me. He stood up, slowly. I could see that he was shaking, trembling in every limb. His face was pale. The white cloak with its red cross was stained with blood and worse, dirty from the chaos it had been through.

			But it fit him.

			“Harry,” he said. “I can’t let you.”

			“You saw what he did,” I said. My voice sounded like my throat was full of rubble and broken glass. “What he did to her.”

			“You have lost it, man,” Butters said. His voice was pleading. “Harry, I can’t let you.”

			“You’d protect that thing?” I snarled.

			“He’s not the one I’m trying to protect,” he snapped back. Something hard came into his eyes, and the trembling vanished. He rose, the broken hilt of Fidelacchius, the Sword of Faith, in his hands. “I’m trying to protect my friend.”

			Again, my clarity was broken. Again, I felt the rage surge through me. I didn’t even bother with the words to a spell. Let it burn. I lifted my hand, and with it my rage, drew upon the wild power in the air, and ripped lightning from nowhere and nothing, sending a thunderbolt at Rudolph with an incoherent scream of rage.

			Sudden white light flared, blinding. The confines of the alley were filled with voices louder than thunder, an angry chorus singing a warning note. From the broken hilt of the Sword of Faith came a blaze of light that intercepted that thunderbolt and sent it crashing into the wall above and behind Rudolph.

			Which was a fine trick. But I knew the Sword’s secret. I wouldn’t have to incapacitate Butters to get him out of the way.

			I strode forward, winding up with my left hand.

			“Harry,” Butters said, tears in his eyes. “Don’t.”

			I lashed out backhanded, striking at Butters’s face.

			He held up the very nonphysical Sword in a parry.

			. . .

			And my world became pain.

			. . .

			There was no warning, no anything. The second my arm touched the plane of the blade of light, everything shifted. The power of the mantle wrapped around me vanished like mist before the morning sun. Every injury, every hurt, every ache and scratch and bruise and strain, all came crashing onto me at once. I staggered, my limbs weak, as if I had suddenly gained several hundred pounds.

			I felt Rudolph. Felt his terror. His agony. His confusion. His humiliation. His remorse. His sick self-hatred. I felt them all as if they were my own. I saw myself through Rudolph’s eyes, huge and vicious and deadly, implacable as an avalanche.

			And Murphy.

			Oh God. Oh God, Karrin.

			My clarity withered before that light, before the star-bright blaze of pain in my left arm. I had to shield my eyes against the light of the Sword with my right hand, though the mere movement caused me pain enough to threaten the contents of my stomach.

			The stench of my own charred flesh filled my nose, somehow laced with the scent of sulfur, brimstone. There was a blazon of blackened flesh along my left forearm, starting just above my shield bracelet and running to my elbow, straight as a ruler.

			I fell to my knees.

			I dropped to my right elbow, cradling the burned flesh against me.

			The scream of pure pain that came out of me wasn’t loud. It was hardly human.

			And in its wake, I broke.

			I sobbed.

			While Sir Waldo, the Knight of Faith, stood over me with that blazing Sword, between me and Rudolph’s curled, helpless form.

			“I’m here, Harry,” Butters said, his voice thick with tears. “Harry, I’m here.”

			The light dimmed and went out, and I felt him crouch in front of me, felt his arms go around me. “I’m here, man. I’m here.”

			Oh, Hell’s bells. Oh God.

			What had I done?

			I had almost . . .

			If not for Butters and Sanya . . .

			Murph would have been so ashamed. So terrified for me.

			Oh God, Murph.

			I leaned against him, sobbing, unable to control myself. Though he was only a little guy, he was wiry and tough. He didn’t waver. Not even when my whole weight leaned against him.

			“He took her,” I heard myself say, the words barely understandable. “He took her from me.”

			Butters’s arms tightened on me. “He took her from all of us,” he said. “And he’ll answer for it before the law, Harry. But it can’t happen like this. You can’t let it happen like this.” He abruptly hauled me upright to face him, and his expression was intent, hard, though tears ran down his cheeks. “We need you. You, the good man. I can’t let you hurt that man. Too many of us need him. Your daughter needs him.”

			It was that last phrase that did it. It hit me like a bucket of cold water.

			Maggie.

			Despite all the pain, despite the tears, my loss, I could see her there, in my mind’s eye. I could imagine her, awake in bed at Michael’s place, as safe as anywhere in this town, but too wise to believe that everything was all right, holding on to Mouse and waiting in silence to understand events that were well beyond her ability to change.

			Oh God. What had I almost done to her?

			Everything hurt.

			But there was enough left of me to feel shame.

			“I’m sorry,” I said. “Butters, I’m sorry.”

			His face twisted with empathy, and his tears fell harder.

			“Sanya,” I choked.

			“Am all right,” I heard a groggy voice say from down the alley. “Bozhe moi, you fight dirty.” I felt a large hand come down on my shoulder. “Like a Russian.”

			“Sanya’s here, too. He’ll be okay,” Butters said.

			I teetered forward abruptly, unable to stay upright.

			My friends caught me.

			They held me.

			“I’m here, Harry,” Butters kept saying. “I’m here.”

			“She’s gone,” I whispered.

			“Yeah,” he said. “I know. I’m here.”

			And for a time, there was nothing else to be done.

			I wept.

			And the city burned.





Chapter





Twenty-four



Sanya and his people had gotten their act together pretty quick. They’d come in numbers, down three parallel streets, the one we’d been on and the street on either side of it. They’d gone with a simple tactic—advancing in a line and shooting anything that didn’t look human with lots and lots of slugs and buckshot.

			Those largest Huntsmen were a big job—but many hands make light work. The way Sanya told it, the first one to come roaring out of the haze had been scary—but he and his appointed uniformed officer had managed to stand and shoot, and enough of the volunteers had stood with them to bring it down before it could complete its charge. And after that, after they saw with their own eyes that the enemy could bleed and die, things changed. The volunteers just stalked forward, killing Huntsmen, whose spears, while terrifying and destructive, really weren’t up to exchanging fire with pump-action guns while outnumbered five or six to one.

			The enemy and creatures of Winter alike gave way before that kind of pressure, much to their mutual dismay. The humans that those beings would normally consider their prey had opened their eyes and armed themselves and were willing to fight. For now, the volunteers outnumbered the foe, and the Fomor fell back, ceding the area to the Scattergun Brigade.

			I don’t know how long I was out of the fight. Butters told me later it had been only a few minutes. All I know is that after a time, the physical pain began to recede, and I felt the Winter mantle settle around me again.

			Sanya had broken my nose for me, I realized. Not that I hadn’t earned considerably worse. Sobbing hysterically with a broken nose isn’t real dignified. Or practical, for activities like breathing. It took me half a minute of coughing and spitting to get things cleared up. By the time I had, and had swiped at my eyes with a cleanish portion of my coat’s sleeves, the burn of my broken nose and the aches and pains had once more faded beneath the staticky curtain of the Winter mantle.

			Except for the burn on my arm.

			That one hurt. Period.

			I’d dealt with burns before. This one wasn’t the worst I’d ever gotten. Even so, it throbbed and pulsed and made me feel a little queasy and shaky.

			And it made me feel . . . human.

			I’m not saying pain is what defines us as human beings. But it is, in many ways, what unites us. We all recognize other people in pain. Damned near all of us are moved to do something about it when we see it. It’s our common enemy, though it isn’t, really, an enemy. Pain is, at least when our bodies are working properly, a teacher. A really tough, really strict, and perfectly fair teacher.

			I didn’t enjoy the steady, throbbing pain coming from the burn the holy Sword had given me.

			But I did find it immensely reassuring.

			The pain on the inside of me was something else entirely.

			Carefully, I put that aside. I didn’t try to bury it or freeze it. I just set it in a different room of my mental house and swung the door mostly shut.

			Later, there would be time to feel it. All of it.

			But I’d lost people before. That’s the thing about being an orphan. Grief is a known quantity. Loss is your family. Sure, it was going to hurt. It was going to tear me up. The empty place where she had been would make me its bitch for a while.

			But that was for later.

			First I was going to finish what we’d set out to do: protect the city.

			And I was going to provide Murph with a fitting escort to what came after while I did it.

			Butters walked over to me with my staff. He passed it to me.

			I nodded at him. I didn’t know where Rudolph was, or what Butters and Sanya had done with him. I didn’t want to know. Rudolph wasn’t my problem. He couldn’t be. I had too much responsibility to the city, to my friends—to my family.

			I slammed one end of my staff onto the asphalt and shoved myself back to my feet. I think someone was trying to talk to me on the way. I didn’t listen. And without a word I walked back to Murph’s body.

			It really was so tiny.

			Now that she was gone, it seemed even smaller.

			I picked Murph up. She weighed almost nothing.

			I cradled her body against my chest and then walked, briskly, my arm throbbing, through the blocks back to Millennium Park, where Mab still waited behind her cohort of warrior Sidhe—but instead of facing the oncoming threat, her gaze was waiting to find me as I emerged from the haze.

			She gave no visible signal, but the unicorn moved, nudging its way through the Sidhe as the Queen of Air and Darkness rode out to face me.

			She regarded Murph’s pale face, my bloody form, and said only, “You have returned.”

			“Yes,” I said. “She’s a Jotunslayer. She deserves to be laid with dignity.”

			“And so she does,” Mab agreed.

			She turned and pointed a finger at one of the blocks of waiting Sidhe warriors. Half a dozen of them peeled off from the formation instantly, in unison, and marched over to us.

			“See that this warrior is laid in state,” she said, and moved her head in a curt gesture toward the Bean. “She has shared our enemies and earned our respect, and so shall it be known amongst my vassals and to the furthest reaches of my kingdom.”

			The Sidhe saluted, fists to heart, their weird faemetal armor ringing with tones like bells or wind chimes where it was struck. One of them offered up a long, narrow shield, and they took position on either side of it.

			She wasn’t heavy.

			But I couldn’t carry her and do what we’d set out to do.

			I put her down on the shield, as gently as I could. I composed her as best I could. The grey, somehow shrunken remains weren’t Murph. But they deserved more respect, more grace, than I could offer.

			I put my hand on her head one more time. Touched her hair one more time.

			Then I said, “Okay.”

			The Sidhe carried Murphy’s body. I went with them, enough to make sure they behaved.

			They did. Could be it was the bloodied, bruised, angry Winter Knight standing over them that inspired it. Could be that it was real respect. The Winter Court and death are distant relatives. The only times I’d seen Winter volunteer something like humanity was when someone had died.

			Maybe it was all they had left.

			My left arm throbbed and burned as they laid Murphy down atop a bier made of the cases the weapons had been stored in.

			The warrior Sidhe saluted the body. Then they filed out.

			It was only then I noticed that they were all female.

			I looked at Murphy’s body lying on the crates. Except for all the blood, and the grey skin, she might have been asleep.

			But she wasn’t asleep.

			“I gotta go,” I said quietly. I wasn’t sure whom I was talking to. I suppose her death could have left a shade of some kind, but that wasn’t it. It took a little time for a shade to condense. After I had briefly participated in it, the whole afterlife thing had become even more confusing to me, not less. “Ethniu is almost here. Mab’s ready to make her play. I have to be there.”

			One of her curls had fallen over her eye. I moved the curl back. It promptly fell over her eye again.

			I smiled, through tears.

			Even dead, I couldn’t make her do a damned thing.

			I leaned down and kissed her forehead.

			“I already miss you so much,” I said quietly. “Goodbye, Murph.”

			I rose to leave and almost bumped into Mab, she was standing so close behind me.

			I wavered and didn’t. One does not bump into the Queen of Air and Darkness. It simply isn’t done.

			Mab stared silently at the body for a breath, her eyes unreadable. Then she looked searchingly up at me. She was at her human-disguise height, a little less than a foot shorter than me. The starlight in her hair was truly beautiful.

			Silently, she reached out and took my left arm. She pushed the sleeve of my duster up, despite my discomfort, and studied the burn for a moment. Then she said, with a slow, quiet, ever so slightly jealous tone, “That must hurt.”

			“It does,” I said.

			She closed her eyes for a moment and took a breath.

			When she opened them, it was all business again. “Can you fight?”

			“Watch me.”

			“I shall,” she said. “And you shall see something the world has not seen in many a year.”

			“What’s that?”

			“Mab at war,” she said simply. She glanced to one side. “Your little ones have found King Corb. He has come ashore upon the beach east of here and joined Ethniu. It is time.” She looked up at me. “When the moment is right, it must be you who calls out her name.”

			I knew whom she was talking about. There was no need for explanation. “Why me?”

			“She will answer you,” Mab said. “She has before.”

			I exhaled. “Oh. Got it.”

			“Good.” Mab touched my burned arm again and then withdrew her hand. “It is possible that I shall fall this night.”

			“You’re immortal,” I said.

			“Immortal. Not eternal. There is power here of the truly ancient world. It is enough to ensure the deed.” She narrowed her eyes. “Should I fall, I have one last command you would be wise to fulfill.”

			I tilted my head.

			“Kill Molly Carpenter,” she said calmly. “As quickly as possible.”

			“Funny,” I said.

			Mab stared at me.

			Of course. She hadn’t been joking.

			On a normal day, I would have been more upset. Today already hurt so much that I hardly noticed. Mab wanted me to kill someone. She usually did. It was sort of my job description.

			I frowned dully at her. “Why?”

			“As Winter Lady, she shows promise,” Mab said. “But she is not ready to become Mab. The consequences would be . . . unsettling. For both of you. Perhaps for all of Winter.”

			I tried to think of the kind of situation that would unsettle Mab. My mind shied away from it.

			“That’s not going to be an issue,” I said. “Because you aren’t going to get killed tonight. When I bury Murph, she’s going to be holding the shattered key to that Titanic bitch’s cell on Demonreach in her hands.”

			Mab’s face blossomed into a carnivore’s sharp grin. “Not the Eye?”

			“Fuck the Eye,” I said.

			She actually lifted her hand to cover her mouth. But I saw her eyes . . . smile. It was damned eerie. “All upon the field tonight want that weapon. Your own White Council included. It is the primary reason they fight.”

			I blinked.

			I looked out at the ruddy haze outside and spat a curse.

			Of course. That’s why everyone was fighting beside Mab. Not to honor the treaty, at least not for all of them. But to secure a weapon that would give them an enormous advantage over any of the other Accorded nations. One that could be a threat even to immortals like Mab. I could imagine what the Senior Council would be saying about it if I accused them, too. Too dangerous, could cause havoc, can’t let those monsters have it, we’ll be able to lock it away and keep it safe, harrumph, harrumph.

			“Should we be victorious, that will be the real fight, you know,” Mab said. Her gaze, always penetrating, made me squirm. “Who shall possess the Eye?”

			Outside, said Eye filled the night with light and destruction again. I heard the building fall this time, clearly. Hell. It was only a couple of blocks to the north. It might have been the one with Bradley’s day care in it.

			“I can wreck buildings just fine all by myself,” I said, and tapped the center of my forehead. “And I got three eyes already. What the hell do I want with another big ugly one?”

			“What indeed,” Mab said, as if I hadn’t spoken. She closed her eyes and said, “I confess, it has been long since I have taken the field in earnest, my Knight.” She showed me her teeth. “I think this shall be . . . fun.”

			I blinked. “Fun?”

			Mab opened her eyes, and they twinkled. Just twinkled.

			And then she turned in a wave of silken hair and starlight and strode out of the Bean and onto the battlefield.

			“Hell’s bells,” I muttered after her.

			I didn’t hear it, of course. But my mind provided me with a perfect reproduction of Murph’s drily amused chuckle.

			I turned back to Murph’s remains and touched her cheek with the backs of the fingers of my left hand. Then paused.

			Her Sig, her favorite handgun, was still riding in its shoulder holster beneath her coat.

			Heroes are traditionally buried with their arms.

			But this fight was still going.

			I took the gun from its holster, very gently. It wasn’t a large weapon, but it fit my hand nicely enough as a backup.

			“Backup,” I said. “You mind if I borrow her for a while?”

			Murph couldn’t say anything.

			But with a whisper, where I’d moved it to get the gun, her coat fell open a little more, showing the spare magazines she had prepared.

			“Thanks, Murph,” I whispered.

			I took the magazines and Backup.

			And then I stalked out to fight for the city.





Chapter





Twenty-five

