			I thought of the island, disturbed at the great powers expended that night.

			The last thing I needed was something slipping out of the prison during all the hubbub.

			S’Jnngh, he’d told me.

			Why had my brother gone after Etri?

			S’Justine, he’d told me.

			It’s Justine.

			Hell’s bells.

			It was Justine.

			He’d told me.

			My eyes opened suddenly, and too wide.

			The cabin was empty.

			I got up, slowly and carefully. And I walked very slowly and quietly out onto the deck of the Beetle. I wasn’t sure how much time had gone by. My eyes felt like there were a couple of ounces of sand rubbing around under each lid.

			Justine was standing at the front of the ship, looking out into the darkness ahead of us. Toward the island.

			She looked over her shoulder at me in the predawn darkness. She was just an outline.

			“You’re sure the baby will be all right?” she asked me. “I’ve heard things about that place.”

			“If you just dropped in, it would be kind of rough on you,” I said. “But you’re with me. Come in as an invited guest, you’ll be perfectly safe. And that’s what you are. I’m bringing you there myself.”

			She gave me a smile that was both worried and relieved, and looked back out at the water.

			For a second, I thought about picking up something I might whap her unconscious with, and then discarded the idea. After the night I’d had, I was too exhausted to make such a thing practical. And no matter what you saw in the movies, hitting people in the head was dangerous. I could kill Justine. So instead, I gathered the shreds of what was left of my will and prepared to use them.

			“But that was the plan the whole time,” I told her. “Right?”

			The figure at the front of the boat went completely still.

			“See, there were just too many threads being pulled,” I said. “The attack on the Outer Gates especially. And the Titan herself . . . God, what a blunt instrument. What a big, loud distraction. So that you could get inside.”

			Justine’s head turned to face me. The lightening sky was behind her. There was nothing to be seen of her expression but blackness.

			I limped forward a couple of paces. Nothing specific was any worse than it had been an hour ago, but even the immunity of the Winter mantle had its limits. My joints felt like they’d been dipped in plaster and were slowly drying stiff.

			“And every single living family member of mine, personally, was placed in danger. All of them. To make sure I had the maximum amount of personal worry to distract me.”

			Justine has incredible cheekbones. They shifted, slightly altering her shadowy profile as she smiled.

			“Something about Justine wasn’t . . . quite right, earlier, in the apartment,” I said. And I let my voice harden. “How long ago did you possess the girl?”

			Justine was silent for a moment. Then she shook her head and said, “I think the problem is, you just don’t sound all that bright, wizard. Perhaps it’s skewing my expectations.”

			She turned toward me, slim and graceful, steady on the deck.

			I faced her and tried not to pitch over the rail as the Water Beetle bumped along the waves. It had been a long night. And I didn’t have much left, physically or otherwise.

			“Tell me your name,” I said, and slid some of my will into my voice.

			“You know who I am,” Justine purred in answer.

			Then she reached out with one hand and ripped a four-foot section of the ship’s steel handrail off its metal struts.

			I blinked wearily and fancied I could hear grains of sand pattering to the deck from my eyes. Now I knew what Ethniu had felt like at the end. “Humor me,” I said, with more of my will. “Tell me your name.”

			Justine, or whatever being was driving Justine’s body around, turned toward me and began slow, stalking paces forward. It made some abortive, choking noises in its throat, and then said, the words drawn from it reluctantly, “It will do you no good once I’ve caved in your skull. Nemesis am I called.”

			There. Bingo.

			For years, shadowy forces had been driving events in Chicago and in the wider world. For years, I’d been picking up threads and finding them connected to others. For years, I’d been flailing around trying to get an idea of the forces that had been arrayed against me.

			And tonight, one of the players was in the open.

			Right there. Behind Justine’s eyes.

			And I was going to get answers.

			I didn’t have much left in me but pure, stiff-necked, muleheaded contrariness.

			But even after the night I’d had, I still had plenty of it.

			“I don’t care what they call you,” I spat. The effort of maintaining my will made it impossible to move my feet as the slender girl stalked forward with her steel bar. “Thrice I say and done. Tell me your name.”

			The slender figure froze in front of me, shuddering.

			Then she exhaled in a slow, utterly sensual voice, “I am the doubt that wards away sleep. I am the flaw that corrupts, the infected wound, the false fork in the trail. I am the gnawer, the worm in the book, the maggot that burrows in the mind’s eye.”

			She shuddered in bizarre ecstasy and panted, in a frantic whisper, “I am He Who Walks Beside.”

			Hell’s bells.

			A Walker.

			And if I hadn’t twigged to its presence, I would have set it loose on Demonreach—the prison for the great nightmares of the world. Ethniu wasn’t the biggest thing in it—not by a long shot. And an Outsider with the power of a Walker, turned loose inside the island’s defenses, might well be able to destroy them and set loose every horror inside.

			Hell. There’d have been an Ethniu for every city, if the place got emptied out.

			The weight of my will, once finished forcing the information from the possessing being, flooded out of me and left me barely able to stand. I staggered back, away from the slender figure in front of me.

			Justine, calmly, pursued.

			“I hope it felt good to scratch that itch,” she purred. “This is the end of your story, starborn.”

			“How long?” I asked. “How long have you been in Justine?”

			Justine waved the steel bar in a vague gesture. “Mortal time is such a limited concept. A few years. Ever since she became close to Lara.”

			I glowered at her. “You conceived my brother’s child intentionally.”

			“Obviously,” Justine purred. “That ridiculous instinct, honestly. It is your kind’s greatest weakness. Once he understood that his mate and his offspring would die if he did not follow my instructions, well . . .” She shrugged.

			“So you sent him at Etri. At the svartalves, someone almost everyone respects. Why? To shatter the Accords?”

			“Apocalypse isn’t an event,” Nemesis murmured. “It is a frame of mind.”

			I probably would have staggered anyway, but the phrase hit hard.

			“This was less a plan than . . . an act of faith, I suppose you would say,” the Outsider continued through Justine’s lips.

			“Faith?” I asked.

			“In what is coming,” the Walker said. “The unraveling of all things into darkness and silence.”

			“Empty Night,” I breathed.

			“Empty Night,” the creature echoed, in the hushed tone of a holy phrase. “So we pressed the attacks at the Outer Gates. While I sowed havoc within the walls of reality. We loosed some of the primal forces of your own precious Creation against you. Undermined Mab, her people, the Accords, the delusion of order you force upon the universe with your useless presence.” She smiled, dropping lower, the motion feline, sensual, hypnotic. “You may have survived the day. But the deed is done. We are the tide. Infinite. Unrelenting. And one day, starborn, make no mistake, we will wipe away all that you know. All we need is a single opening.”

			“Must suck,” I panted, “to get whipped by some stupid punk from Chicago. ’Cause it looks to me like I beat you.”

			Something ugly went through her voice. “There was never a victory for you to gain,” Nemesis hissed. “The mortals have been given terror they have not known in centuries. There is nothing more that need be done. They are your death stroke. Now I need only wait.”

			I finally reached the back of the boat and said, “Funny you should mention waiting.”

			Justine tilted her head, too far, silent.

			“You know how you don’t want to arrive on Demonreach, Walker?” The rear railing hit the backs of my thighs. “You don’t want to show up all on your lonesome. Alfred hates that. That would be like sprinting into a meat grinder.”

			The gathering light showed me Justine’s face as her eyes widened and she whipped her head over her shoulder.

			The black mass of Demonreach, backlit by the golden sky, loomed directly ahead of us, swiftly larger, as the boat chugged toward its shores.

			Justine whirled back and lunged toward me. “No!”

			I smirked at her, spread my arms, and fell over the back of the boat, into the freezing waters of Lake Michigan.

			With the last shreds of my will, I called to Demonreach.

			And the last thing I felt before things went black was green-gold light, and a huge stony hand clamping down on my shoulder, tearing me away from the Outsider’s desperate grasp.





Chapter





Thirty-six



Those next few days remain a montage in my head.

			I woke up bumping along the surface of Lake Michigan in a rubber boat being run by Lara’s people. I vaguely remembered reaching shore and having Alfred store the Eye safely away. Demonreach had allowed Riley and two of his men to approach and pick me up off the shoreline, after throwing poor Freydis two hundred yards out into the lake. They’d found me unconscious with my legs still in the freezing water and were treating the Winter Knight for hypothermia. Which is a bit like fitting a polar bear for a fur coat—it doesn’t help the bear and it makes him sort of grumpy.

			But they got me back to shore.

			I remember insisting where Riley was to take me when we got there.

			To her.

			To her body, I mean.

			Everything was chaos in Chicago, but it was the kind of chaos that people were more used to. There were soldiers and police everywhere. Emergency vehicles of all kinds were everywhere. The air was constantly full of the chop of helicopter blades.

			If you knew what to look for, you could see signs of the presence of the Little Folk. They were everywhere in the wreckage, at the will of the Winter Lady, leaving enough signs and clues to lead rescuers to the wounded among the rubble—as they would later ensure the recovery of the dead. They wouldn’t find absolutely everyone, but you’d hear newscasters remarking on the unusual dedication and success of the search-and-rescue teams in Chicago for years after.

			In the area around the Bean, the cops were see-through, to me anyway, members of Mab’s personal retinue underneath glamours that were more emotional than physical. When a Sidhe pretending to be a police officer spoke to you, you felt the authority more than you thought about it or saw it. In the chaotic aftermath of the battle, that was worth more than validated ID codes.

			There, where Mab’s people had control, they had brought in as many EMTs as they could scrape together for the wounded, both of my volunteers and of Marcone’s.

			For the first time in hours, thinking of my volunteers triggered no instant awareness of them. I poked around in my head with my wizard’s senses, a sensation sort of like trying to count your teeth with your tongue. I found nothing. The banner was gone.

			I walked silently through the wounded. Those who had been dying mostly had.

			I walked up to the Bean.

			I stopped at the door and took a breath.

			The fight was over. There was nothing left to distract me from this. And it was going to hurt.

			I bent over and climbed into the structure and turned to face the improvised bier.

			It was empty.

			She was gone.

			Where she had lain, there was a symbol scorched into the crates as if by a white-hot stylus. Three triangles, interlocking. The valknut. The knot of the fallen warriors. Symbol of Odin.

			I stared at the empty crates. Her blood was still on them, drying black.

			Something dark began to stir, down deep. Something angry.

			“Nothing has changed,” said a soft, slightly slurred voice behind me. “She’s gone. She isn’t coming back.”

			I turned and found Miss Gard sitting on a pile of crates. There was a bottle of whiskey in her hand. There were four empties at her feet. She looked like she’d been through almost as much as I had.

			I closed my eyes for a second. I was bone tired. I felt the rage down there.

			But this wasn’t the time.

			Let the deep things stay deep.

			“Hey, Siggy,” I said in a gentle voice.

			“It’s the same,” Gard slurred. “Where Nathan died.” Her red eyes welled. “The damned knot. It’s part of our inventory system. A check mark. One Einherjar, picked up and in transit.”

			“Nathan . . .” I said. Then it clicked. “Hendricks. Huh. He never looked like a Nathan.”

			I slumped down onto the crate next to her.

			She passed me the bottle. I probably should have been drinking water. It’s a far more adult drink than whiskey. But I took a solid pull and let it burn down.

			“He hated that name,” she said. “His mother . . .” She shook her head. “Well. That doesn’t mean anything anymore.”

			“Einherjar,” I said. “Murph didn’t ‘die well.’”

			Gard’s eyes flashed. “She died slaying a Jotun,” she said roughly. “She did it to protect you. And she got results. She died a warrior’s death. One without personal glory. The one that happened because she was doing what was necessary.”

			I tilted my head at her.

			She waved a hand vaguely at her temple. “It’s a limited intellectus, of the honored dead, of their deeds. I know who she was now, Dresden. Don’t you dare cheapen her death by suggesting it was less than the culmination of a life of habitual valor.”

			Well.

			There wasn’t much I could say to that.

			I leaned my head back against the crate behind me and began to weep steady tears that somehow didn’t affect my breathing at all. “Dying sucks more than not dying. She should have stayed put.”

			“You’d be dead now if she had,” the Valkyrie said. “So would I. So would a lot of people. And the world would be in chaos.”

			“Wait for it,” I said darkly. I drank some more and passed the bottle back. And I added, “I want you to tell him something for me.”

			Gard looked at me, suddenly wary. “Before you speak, know this: The being you have dealt with is . . . only a facet of the being whose symbol that is. His guises are created to diminish him into something a mortal mind can readily accept. But though he may not have the strength he once did, that being is yet an elemental one. He does not accept insults or threats lightly.”

			“Good. Because I’m not delivering them lightly,” I said, a low thunder growling its way into my quiet words. “You tell Odin that Harry Blackstone Copperfield Dresden says, upon his Name, that if he doesn’t treat Murph better than I would myself, I’m going to kick down his door, pluck his fucking ravens, knock him down, kick his guts out, drag him to the island, and lock him up in a cell with Ethniu.”

			Gard blinked at me.

			“I beat a divine being once,” I said. “If I have to build a nation to get it done, I’ll do it again. You tell him exactly what I said.”

			Gard stared at me for a moment. Then a slow, if sad, smile touched her face. “I’ll tell him,” she said. Then she added, gently, “It will please him, I think. If not the twins. Have no fear for your shieldmaiden. In our halls, warriors who died for family, for duty, for love, are given the respect such a death deserves. She will want for nothing.”

			I nodded. Then after a while, I said, “If she’s an Einherjar, now . . .”

			Gard shook her head. “Not until the memory of her has faded from the minds of those who knew her. That is the limit not even the Allfather may cross.”

			“She, uh,” I said. I blinked several times. “She wasn’t real forgettable.”

			“She was not,” agreed the Valkyrie. “And she has earned her rest.”

			“She earned better than a bullet in the neck,” I spat.

			“All warriors die, Dresden,” Gard replied. “And if they die in the course of being true to their duty and honor, most would count that a fitting end to a worthy life. She did.”

			I nodded.

			“Fuck worthy,” I said quietly, miserably. “I miss her.”

			Silent seconds went by while I went briefly blind.

			“I’m sorry,” I said. “For . . . Nathan. He was a loyal friend to the end.”

			“Oh, man up, Dresden,” Gard said. “You’re still here.”

			But she nodded as she said it. And she cried, too.



* * *



			* * *

			We had a funeral followed by a wake at Mac’s a few days later, the Paranet crew and me.

			Everyone was dazed, struggling to adjust to the reality that had confronted them.

			Tens of thousands had perished. The final count of fallen humanity that night would have overflowed Soldier Field—which was being used for refugees, of which there were more than a hundred thousand.

			Ethniu had been even harder on Chicago real estate values than me. Wakka wakka.

			The Huntsmen, in particular, had ravaged every neighborhood they went through, killing about ninety-five percent of the occupants—until they got to the South Side. Then it was like the robbery of the First National Bank of Northfield, Minnesota. Too many people were willing to fight—and they were armed. Sure, there were a lot of bad guys—but there were a lot more citizens, a higher-than-average percentage of them had guns, and once they understood what was happening, they turned the streets into shooting galleries. That was when things had started to turn on that flank of the battle, providing an opening for Marcone.

			Apparently, even the legions of epic mythology had better plan for trouble on some of the toughest streets in the world.

			The power was out and stayed that way for a while. There was just too much to replace. That made clean water hard to move around. More people got sick and died, and things could have gotten really bad if we’d had a harsher summer. But the weather stayed unseasonably mild and cool, with frequent rains. Maybe a Queen of Faerie ensured that. Or maybe the universe figured the city had earned a break.

			Either way, it was raining when we gathered at my grave in Graceland.

			We filled a coffin with pictures. I used one of me and Murph arguing that some joker in CPD had taken when both of us had cartoonish expressions on our faces. It felt truer to what we’d had, somehow.

			It hadn’t had a lot of chance to grow.

			Other pictures went in. No frames. There wouldn’t have been room. If they’d given their life for the city, their picture went in. We used copies of the drivers’ licenses of the volunteers, when we couldn’t find anything else about them. Hendricks’s picture went in. So did Yoshimo’s and Wild Bill’s and Chandler’s. Everyone in the Paranet community, hell, almost everyone in the city had lost someone they knew or were related to.

			When people you know die, that gets attention. That was the beginning of the change in Chicago, where the supernatural had just become a threat that was too great to be denied or overlooked.

			Butters, moving comically in his neck brace and backboard, stood with me throughout the memorial service. Of the survivors, fifty or so of my volunteers had been willing to attend. In a ceremony that was half comedic and half gut-wrenching, I pronounced them Knights of the Bean and Defenders of Chicago. And then I pinned a dried lima bean glued to a steel backing to their chests, and I made each of them a promise:

			“If you or anyone you love is ever in danger, come and find me. If it isn’t you, tell them to show me this. I will help. No questions asked.”

			Promises are a magic of their own, with a little will behind them. And when I made each one, I felt it leave a signature on the pin. I’d know it if someone tried to pass a fake one on me.

			After that, I tried to give a speech about Murph.

			“Karrin Murph—” I said.

			And nothing else would come out.

			Butters took over, speaking a little stiffly due to his jaw, and said some things to the gathering, which they took very well. People had seen Butters in action, and word had spread. They looked at him like he was a big damned hero.

			Which he was—but he didn’t see it that way, because of course he wouldn’t.

			They didn’t look at me like I was a big damned hero, though.

			In fact . . . mostly, people weren’t looking at me at all.

			I guess people had seen glimpses of me in that fight, too. Plus I’d just incinerated a bunch of guys, in front of God and everybody. And word had gotten around.

			Ever see a video clip of a shark swimming through a school of baitfish? Where the fish all make sure to stay well out of his path?

			I was the shark now.

			Except for a few friends, no one came within arm’s reach of me.

			And . . . that suited me, somehow. I felt raw, as if my skin had been peeled off and the world was made of salt and lemon juice. Maybe a little distance was a good thing, for a while.

			After Butters finished, old Father Forthill came out and spoke a gentle prayer for the dead. Then we closed up the casket and filled my open grave. I had my tombstone removed and replaced with one that simply read, THEY DEFENDED CHICAGO, and the month and year.

			I was the last one at the grave.

			Except for Michael. My friend wore a waterproof overcoat and fedora. I’d shown up in shirtsleeves. I hadn’t even brought an umbrella. Back before the Winter mantle, I’d have been shivering. Now the rain felt nice on my bruises.

			Michael stood with me in comfortable silence, waiting.

			“Marcone was right,” I said quietly.

			Michael frowned. He said nothing.

			“Marcone built a base of power,” I said. “He prepared for this. If he hadn’t, the city would have fallen. Period. I would never have succeeded without him.”

			“What are you saying, Harry?” Michael asked gently.

			“I can do more,” I said quietly. “I need to do more.”

			“Like Marcone has?” Michael asked.

			“Somehow,” I said quietly. “I don’t think I could do it his way. Too many suits.”

			“Corporate thug doesn’t really fit you,” Michael agreed. “What did you have in mind?”

			“Wizard of Chicago?” I suggested.

			“Good to stick with what you know,” Michael said. “But you’re talking about more, aren’t you?”

			I was quiet for moment, looking down at the rain splashing on the casket.

			“Do you know why I wanted Murph to stay out of the fight?” I asked.

			“Because you’d given up on her,” Michael said.

			“No, it was because I’d given up on . . . Oh, yes.” I cleared my throat. “On some level, I had written her off. I knew I was going to be out there without her watching my back.”

			Die alone, whispered a voice in my memory.

			“She didn’t agree with your assessment,” Michael noted.

			“No,” I said quietly. “She had, you know. Hope. Faith. That what she was doing was right and necessary and worth it.” I squinted at him. “Death isn’t when your body stops working. It’s when there’s no more future. When you can’t see past right now, because you stopped believing in tomorrow.” I shrugged. “There should be a place where people can borrow a little hope and faith when they’re running low.”

			My friend’s eyes wrinkled at the corners. “Oh, I’d say there’s one or two.”

			“Well. You folks talk to a lot of people. But not everyone speaks in the same language. Maybe there’re folks who just wouldn’t understand what you’ve got to say. Maybe they need to hear it from someone like me.”

			Michael smiled and said, “The Almighty gave each of us our own utterly unique voice. Surely there’s a lesson to be learned there.”

			“Will you help me?” I asked.

			“Always,” he said.

			“Good,” I said. “I think I’m going to need a carpenter.”

			His face slowly brightened over the course of a moment, a deep, intense satisfaction radiating from him. It was like watching the sun rise on his soul. “I love to give that kind of help. And my rates are very reasonable . . .”

			There were footsteps in the wet grass behind us.

			We turned to find Carlos Ramirez facing us from beneath a grey umbrella. He wore his Warden’s cloak. His expression was fatigued and grim. He looked like he hadn’t slept in days.

			“Carlos,” I said quietly. “Good to see you.”

			He nodded, once. When he spoke, his voice was ragged, as if he’d been shouting a lot. “Harry Dresden,” he said in a formal tone and cadence. “Greetings from the White Council.”

			Not Warden Dresden, I noted. Not even Wizard Dresden.

			So.

			Michael glanced between us and said, “I’ll excuse myself, gentlemen.”

			“Thank you, Sir Michael,” Ramirez said quietly.

			Michael turned and limped back toward the cars.

			“The vote,” I said. “Forgot all about it. Guess it didn’t go my way.”

			Ramirez shook his head.

			“You’re out,” he said. “You are no longer to associate yourself with the White Council or harass its members. You will refrain from the public practice of magic to standards of discretion determined by the Council or face the consequences. Wardens will periodically inspect you and your residence for residual black magic. You know the drill.” He shook his head and reached into his coat. “There are some documents. They list all the terms.”

			“Terms,” I said. “Pretty bold for the Council to boot me out, then dictate terms to me.”

			Ramirez stared at me for a second. Then he said, his voice low, “You had to know this was coming. It’s been coming for a long time. We’ve given you chance after chance, and you keep—” He broke off and looked away. “You never should have gotten mixed up with Mab, Harry. That changed everything.”

			“Carlos,” I began.

			“You sold out to the monsters, Dresden,” Ramirez spat, his voice harsh. “Don’t you see that? Can’t you see it even now? As beaten as you are, you shouldn’t even be able to stand up. Sixty degrees, windy, and raining and you’re standing there soaking wet and enjoying it.”

			“What did you say?” I asked, low and hard.

			“You heard me,” he said. He wasn’t budging, either. “I don’t know, Dresden, if what happened here could have been avoided. But I know you were mixed up in it in ways you aren’t saying.” He stared at me beseechingly, shaking his head. “You should have trusted me, man. And you pull that stupid hex on me instead?” Something in his face broke. “Chandler’s gone. Bill and Yukie are gone. And maybe if you’d been willing to talk, that wouldn’t have happened. Maybe it would have made things different.”

			“I had to,” I said. “I didn’t have a choice.”

			“Yeah,” he said, his voice weary. “I know you think that. And that’s the problem.” He took his hand out of his coat and tossed a thick legal envelope at me. I caught it. “Read that. Believe it. Because as far as the White Council is concerned, you’re one of the monsters now, Dresden. Push us and we’ll push back. Hard.”

			“Who’s going to do the pushing, ’Los?” I asked. “You?”

			“No,” he said quietly. “McCoy.” He cleared his throat. “We were friends once, Dresden. So I’ll tell you this last bit of gossip. The Senior Council voted in emergency session, while Listens-to-Wind and McCoy were in surgery. They found witnesses who saw you directly murder human servants of the Fomor by means of pyromancy.”

			Which was true. “You’ve seen what those guys have done,” I told him. “Would you call them human, strictly speaking?”

			“Doesn’t matter what I think,” Ramirez said. “You know how broadly they interpret the First Law. And why it has to be that way. By unanimous vote, they have already given the Blackstaff the order to execute your death warrant, and suspended it. If you cross the line, they’ll send him. And if he won’t do it, he’ll be charged with treason. So for your sake—and his—don’t make us take action.”

			“You son of a bitch,” I said quietly.

			“We don’t fight monsters fair,” he said. “I learned that from you.”

			We stood there quietly for a moment.

			“It doesn’t have to be like this,” I said.

			“It does,” Ramirez replied. “You made that call when you didn’t talk to me. And sixty thousand people died.”

			I let out a frustrated breath.

			“One of these days,” I said, “you’re going to look back at today and feel really stupid.”

			“Is that a threat?” he asked.

			“No, you knob.” I sighed wearily. “Just a fact.”

			“The Council has spoken,” he said, just as tiredly, and turned to go.

			“No,” I said.

			He paused. “What?”

			“No,” I said again, a little firmer. “The White Council has gotten to bully wizards for a long time, and they think they have the right. I say they don’t.”

			Ramirez tilted his head. “Don’t talk yourself into something I can’t ignore, Dresden.”

			I grimaced. “Carlos. I mean to live my life. You’ve cast me out, and you think that means I’m vulnerable. Maybe you ought to rethink that.”

			“Meaning what?”

			“Why don’t you ask Ethniu how vulnerable I am?” I said quietly. “We can. If you’d like.”

			I let that one hang there, while he stared at me.

			“To say nothing about how Mab would react to the death of the Winter Knight,” I continued. “The Winter Lady might not take it kindly, either, and you saw what she’s capable of doing.”

			Carlos’s cheek twitched. “Yes. I did.”

			I paused and said, “That was a threat, Carlos. I’m going to live here and do what I’ve always done. I want you to leave me in peace. And I’ll do the same in return. The way things are in the world, I don’t think the Council can afford to push things that far. Not for little old me.”

			Ramirez exhaled. “You’re taking one hell of a risk, Harry.”

			“I don’t like being told what to do,” I said. “I let you push me around, who the hell am I?”

			“Yeah,” Ramirez said. “Who the hell are you?”

			It was quiet.

			“Goodbye,” he said quietly.

			And then he left.

