			Back at the car, Michael said, “That looked grim. What happened?”

			“Rest of the White Council was pretty nervous about the guy who soloed a Titan, I guess,” I said. “They voted. I’m an outlaw. Like the old days.”

			Michael considered that for a moment. Then he said, quietly and firmly, “Those fuckers.”

			I stumbled on the slippery grass in the rain and fell on my ass.

			And it didn’t stop there. Michael swore. My friend cursed a blue streak like a dozen sailors picking a dozen fights. He swore profanities that would have made a fallen angel blush. He swore in three different languages that I recognized, and in a dozen I didn’t. He swore like a man with a forty-year pent-up hurricane of ranting profanity in his chest that had been looking for a way to come out.

			When he was finished he looked up at the rain and said, “I’ll be happy to do penance, Lord. But some things need to be said.” Then he turned to me, extended his hand, and said, firmly, “You are always welcome in my house, Harry Dresden. In fact, Charity told me to invite you and Maggie over for Christmas Eve and morning with us. It’s hard for us to think of Christmas without her. And you’re still coming for Sunday dinner, aren’t you? The place is still pretty cut up from where those lunatics came in the house, but I think a couple of weeks of work should set it right. . . .”

			I took my friend’s hand.

			There was rain in my eyes.



* * *



			* * *

			It took only days for rumors to spread that there were beings in town sniffing around for my trail, bad guys I’d crossed or annoyed at some point in the past. I didn’t have the imprimatur of the White Council anymore. And while Mab would speak very loudly if anyone moved against the Winter Court, if her Winter Knight got himself killed because of his own stupid choices, she wouldn’t lose much sleep, apart from the stress of finding a replacement.

			That, combined with my injuries, kept me indoors for a few days. I got my arm set and put in a cast. I was pretty sure my joints had voided their warranties at the very least, but those first few days were full of desperation where medical care was involved, and every church and hospital overflowed with the wounded. It took the broken bone and the fact that I knew Lamar to even rate acknowledgment in triage, in the battle’s immediate aftermath.

			Fortunately, I had access to Charity Carpenter, who had been patching up her husband and his idiot friends for years. So, in addition to my cast, I got stitches in several places, a painful shoulder relocation I didn’t know I needed, a bunch of bandages, a shoulder wrap, elbow wraps, wrist wraps, knee wraps, ankle wraps, a couple of two-gallon bags of ice for my knees, and Tiger Balm.

			(Which not even the Winter Knight can ignore when it gets in a cut, it turns out, and which is one ingredient and a little will away from being an excellent ointment against fae glamour, if you can keep your eyes open. Seriously, that stuff is borderline magical off the shelf.)

			By the time the needs of my body had been seen to as best as possible, I looked and felt like a mummy, wrapped and way too herbal scented, dried out and too stiff to move when I finally crashed into the bed in the Carpenters’ (original) guest room. They had some extras now. I think I slept for about a day. I remember eating ravenously a couple of times. And then I just lay there with my eyes closed for a long time, weeping silently. And I woke up holding a sleeping Maggie, with Mouse curled into his tiniest ball on the bottom two-thirds of the bed, on what I think was the second morning, and felt battered and exhausted and mostly human.

			I made my daughter breakfast. And I did a lot of thinking.

			Those first few days, when I moved around Chicago at all, I did it careful. Real careful. Like, having four full-grown werewolves with me or nearby at all times careful. I got out, got my bearings, and started moving.

			Will and the Alphas came with me to the session of the first-ever Unseelie Accords Executive Ministry meeting. War with the Fomor had been declared by unanimous consent within the Accorded nations, and the Ministry was supposed to determine what to do about it, starting with dealing with the aftermath of the Battle of the Bean.

			No one invited me to the Ministry meeting, in a private club in one of the gorgeous old stone buildings in Oldtown, so I did it myself. The place was hidden behind a web of veils and glamours so thick and intricate that it made me a little dizzy just sensing it. If I hadn’t known exactly where I was going and exactly what I was looking for, I’d have wandered right past the place.

			When I came in, there was a waiting room where several people came to their feet—a Sidhe warrior from either Court, Miss Gard, a svartalf I didn’t recognize, and Freydis, who was covered with bumps and bruises and still-healing cuts and looked relaxed for the first time since I’d seen her.

			“Easy, people,” I said. “I came to talk.”

			They all eyed me warily, which was to say down the barrels of their guns. Except for Freydis, who kept reading her magazine and just looked amused.

			Well. Granted I looked like ten miles of bad road in my battle-stained black leather duster. And my eyes were watery from the damned hurry-up Tiger Balm antiglamour ointment I’d whipped up to help find the place. And also I had four battle-hardened werewolves with me.

			I guess I can see it.

			I got out a cloth and wiped the ointment off my cheekbones, blinking more tears out of my eyes, while making uncomfortable noises. It’s difficult to be intimidating when you look ridiculous. By the time I was done and could see properly again, most of the guns were half-lowered.

			“Gard,” I said. Whenever you’re facing a bunch of people, do whatever you can to face one person. It takes some of the psychological advantage of numbers away. “You know me. I need to speak to them.”

			Gard lowered her weapon entirely, without holstering it. “The Ministry is meeting in closed session.”

			I faced her and said, quietly and firmly, “I have earned the right to speak. By deed. Or none of us would be here.”

			Gard stared at me for a long moment.

			And the corner of her mouth twitched.



* * *



			* * *

			The Ministry had met in a ballroom big enough for a basketball game, its curtains drawn against any view from outside. The interior of the place had been filled with light so brilliant and omnipresent that shadows had nowhere to fall. There was no furniture in the place—just light and open flooring, and a circle of beings facing one another.

			I closed the door behind me and limped forward into the light, squinting as my pupils got more of a workout than they’d had in a while. I suppose sunglasses would have defeated the point.

			There were things out there that lived, and listened, in shadows.

			I walked forward into shocked silence.

			Marcone stood there, in his suit, looking unstained by recent events. Vadderung looked like an older, leaner version of approximately the same creature, a wolfhound standing beside a mastiff. Mab had adopted her corporate appearance for the meeting, apparently keeping in theme with the pair of them, and Etri’s sister, Evanna, had kept up the motif. Beside her, Lara Raith was as stunning in a white suit as she was in nothing at all, while Sarissa, the Summer Lady, had gone office casual in laconic defiance of the trend.

			And the Archive stood there, slightly to one side, not quite part of the circle. She’d collected a number of cuts from flying bits of debris, probably, and her nose had been broken rather badly. Black rings had spread around the base of her eyes.

			I walked around the circle to Mab’s right hand.

			The Queen of Air and Darkness gave me a peeved look.

			I stared back at her, willing her to get it.

			And so help me, she just looked at me and did. Her expression became very serious, and she nodded firmly, once, twitching one finger and somehow conveying that I was to wait.

			“Please pardon the disruption. Mistress Archive, continue the report.”

			The Archive nodded once and flicked a hand at the air. There was a shimmer, and a television screen appeared there, a news report that I suppose had been inevitable, even if the ongoing loss of power meant that we hadn’t had the chance to see it yet.

			It was helicopter footage, along Chicago’s waterfront. It showed the destruction in graphic detail. Basically the Bean reflected the lakeshore now, a wide swath of pulverized bits of former city. I could imagine the magazine covers. Or the thumbnail images. Whatever.

			The chyron running at the bottom of the screen read: AFTERMATH OF MAJOR TERRORIST ATTACK IN CHICAGO. WIDESPREAD CHEMICAL WEAPONS AND POSSIBLE WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION USED. AS MANY AS 20,000 DEAD. PRESIDENT DECLARES STATE OF NATIONAL EMERGENCY.

			Hell’s bells.

			“In aggregate,” the Archive said, speaking with a little more Stallone than one would have expected out of a teenage girl, “the coverage of the event would strongly indicate that the mortal powers that be have decided to obfuscate.”

			“Optimistic,” Vadderung murmured.

			“Gaslighting eight million people?” Lara asked. “They’ve done that by breakfast each morning.” She glanced over at me and gave me a faintly quizzical look and a dip of her chin. “The military is controlling traffic in and out of the city. Power, communications, and humanitarian aid are funneled in through them. The official version of events will have a very large lead and a much louder voice than any truth tellers who may come along, and the disruptive effects of the Eye make it unlikely that any photographic or video evidence was obtained. Add in a fictional toxin which caused hallucinations, possibly long-term and recurring, in those exposed to it and they’ll be able to muddle things thoroughly.”

			“Not within the city,” Marcone said. “They’re building a psychological wall around the place. That will unify those held prisoner by it in a way that would not otherwise be possible.”

			“Meaning what, precisely?” Mab asked.

			“Meaning that the human factor will be . . . greatly intensified, within the city,” Marcone said. “Uncertainty and insecurity will cause people to gravitate toward the security offered by group identity and support. People are, frankly, terrified. That’s going to cause them to cling to the veneer of normality. By day.” He shook his head. “By night, expect them to acquire arms. Expect them to become wiser and more dangerous. Expect some of them to make bargains with the powers they’ve been exposed to. And expect others to hunt anything they perceive as supernatural through the streets in packs. And that’s a best-case scenario.”

			My stomach twisted.

			I mean, he was right. Everything he was saying was exactly accurate.

			And yet . . . also wrong.

			Yeah, darkness could make things really, really bad. Frightened people in large groups rarely acted wisely.

			But sometimes that foolishness came out as kindness and compassion, when there was every reason to look out only for yourself. Sometimes it came out as irrational courage in the face of overwhelming terror. Sometimes our madness leads us to choices that make us better and nobler and kinder than we were before.

			People like Marcone made me think that everything is falling apart.

			But people like Michael, like Murphy, like the brave men and women who had fought and died in defiance of what must have seemed like the world’s ending, make me think that maybe we’re falling forward. Like a child learning to walk. Sometimes we lurch and stumble. Sometimes we fall. And each time we learn. But each time we have to make up our minds to get up again, to take the next step.

			So that one day we can walk with our heads held high.

			The fight for Chicago had gotten started when Ethniu attacked. But it was far from over.

			“Baron?” Mab asked. “Can you maintain a functioning society within the city?”

			“No one could,” Marcone replied. “However, I judge that, for now, the city will have a strong self-interest in maintaining its current power structure. That gives me what I believe is the most practical available leverage of the direction of events within it.”

			“Do you have control or not?” Mab asked.

			“Does a man in a canoe have control over the rapids?” Marcone replied.

			“But you believe they can be navigated?” Mab clarified.

			“To the limit of my foresight, yes. That makes no allowance for federal interests, however. My reach there is more limited.”

			Mab contemplated the reply and then nodded. She considered Lara. “Can you nullify their involvement?”

			Lara thought for a moment before answering. “On the political level, there’s more profit to be gained from engagement than nullification. On the practical level, however . . . there’s no way to keep the Librarians out entirely now.”

			“A complication,” Vadderung said, in the wry tone of a man engaging in understatement.

			Lara grimaced.

			“Who are these Librarians?” Evanna asked.

			“The Library of Congress, Special Collections Division,” Lara provided. “Also known as the Librum Bellum. Men in Black.”

			“Government agents,” Evanna noted. “What danger do they pose?”

			“They’re the eyes and ears,” Lara said. “They’re smart, skilled, dedicated, professional, they’ve got several centuries of collective knowledge through the Masons, and they will absolutely be coming to learn whatever they can. They are extremely dangerous.”

			“Assuming they haven’t been here in the city all along,” Vadderung pointed out mildly. “Perhaps they’ve already identified each of us.”

			Lara winced. “Optimist.”

			Vadderung’s mouth twitched at a corner.

			The Summer Lady cleared her throat and glanced at Mab, who nodded. Sarissa turned her gaze along the circle as she said, “Make whatever preparations you wish. But the truth is out. And spreading. All of these stratagems, from the mortal authorities or from us, can only delay that.”

			“Sweet Summer child,” Lara murmured wryly.

			Mab held up a slender hand as if to forestall bickering. “We must prepare for as many futures as possible, not merely the ones we prefer. If we can slow the mortals’ collective hand from striking until we have dealt with the Fomor, then it is worthwhile to attempt. If nothing else, it lets us focus upon a single foe at a time.”

			I felt myself freeze for a moment at that.

			Humanity.

			A foe.

			I glanced around. Yeah. No wonder there wasn’t a representative from the White Council here. Like it or not, they were pretty much the spokespeople for humanity at large, within the Accorded nations. A lot of wizards had family in the mortal world, close ties to it. Martha Liberty was still close with members of an extended clan of whom she was the founding matriarch, down in New Orleans, for example.

			And . . . well, even I had Maggie. Friends. It mattered to me. The environment those people existed in, their society, it mattered to me.

			Sarissa looked a little disturbed. But other than that, I realized that there was no one else in this room for whom that was true.

			Stars and stones.

			Ramirez hadn’t been wrong.

			I was working with monsters.

			But I wasn’t them.

			I leaned forward slightly, as if preparing to take a step, and Mab said, “Ladies and gentlemen, my Knight requests audience. In light of his recent service to the Accorded nations, I believe it right and proper to grant it. Will anyone here gainsay me?”

			Marcone suddenly looked more alert.

			I gave him a little smile. I didn’t quite blow him a kiss. But I let him know it was coming.

			“This should be interesting,” Vadderung murmured.

			Mab turned to me and nodded, tilting her head in toward the center of the circle.

			I shambled forward into it and felt the gazes of very dangerous people upon me.

			And for the first time, I didn’t have any of the weight of the White Council backing me up.

			It was just me. That was intimidating.

			But it also meant that I had me on my side. And I liked the way that felt.

			Don’t fight all of them, Harry, I thought. Fight one of them.

			And I turned to Marcone.

			“The Summer and Winter Courts care about balance,” I said. “And what the Accorded nations have done to Chicago has created a terrible imbalance. More than just the political and military consequences of our conflicts, we have violated the spirit of laws so old that they have never been written down. We were guests in Chicago. And we brought our troubles to their home.”

			An uneasy ripple went through some of those in the circle: Vadderung, Mab, Evanna, and Sarissa all stirred uneasily.

			Lara and Marcone took careful note of that.

			“Choices have consequences that ripple out in all directions,” I said quietly. “And our choices have hurt the people of this city. We can’t possibly scramble to minimize the consequences to our lives without acknowledging the debt we have incurred by inflicting our conflict upon them.”

			I met Marcone’s eyes. “Our world isn’t supposed to cross with theirs, for the most part. And in return, they mostly ignore us. Now you say that the mortals are going to be sending eyes and ears in. Well, maybe it’d be smart for them to see some things.”

			“What do you suggest?” Marcone asked.

			“The Accorded nations provide humanitarian aid and assistance,” I said.

			That got a reaction from everyone, from Vadderung’s eyebrow lift to Evanna’s incredulous sputter.

			“I’m not saying make open diplomatic contact,” I said. “I’m saying we act. We help. Indirectly, in secret. If they’re looking, they’ll see what you’re doing. Let them see us do what we can to balance the scales. Ethniu’s attack changed everything. It was too big, too loud. They’ve seen us. And we’d better show them from the get-go that we aren’t trying to murder them all. Because we made a bad first impression. And because it’s smart. And because it’s right.” I met Marcone’s eyes. “I called, and men and women of this city answered. They followed me. They fought. And I felt them die.”

			Something flickered in Marcone’s face.

			His chin moved in the faintest vertical tilt of acknowledgment.

			I dropped my voice to something that was just between me and Marcone. “We owe them more than just washing our hands of the mess. And you’re going to make a fortune rebuilding things anyway.”

			Marcone’s eyes flickered with amusement, acknowledging the truth of my point.

			“The Accords,” he said, carefully, “are not a charitable organization.”

			“Nor are we beggars, unable to pay our debts,” Mab answered. “My Knight makes a fine point: Our fight did them harm. They had to choose to shed their blood in defense. Innocents were slain. Value lost. Specifics can be argued, but the direction of the debt is clear.” Her head swiveled to me. “What recompense do you recommend?”

			“The money stuff, they’ve got insurance and things for. There are economic safety nets everywhere. It’s the people we need to take care of. Anyone injured in the attack, we pay for it. Whatever they need, healing of the body or mind. We pay to bury the dead. And we pay a weregild to the survivors of anyone slain. I don’t care if they find buried gold or get a mysterious winning lottery ticket or what, but we owe them a debt for something priceless. And we owe them the gesture of helping to make their future more secure after what we took from them. And there’s a man in this room who can get down everyone’s freaking chimneys every year if he has to, so don’t tell me that there isn’t power to make it happen.”

			“These numbers are very large,” Mab noted.

			“Our debt,” I said, “is larger. Ask any child of the men and women who died.”

			Mab looked faintly troubled at the thought.

			“The Accords,” she said, “provide for reparations to damaged parties. This business of guest-right disturbs me greatly and demands care and respect. Making right the damages wrought upon the mortals seems meet to me—with the understanding that we will apply the resources expended for such repayment to the debt of those ultimately responsible, namely, the Fomor, once our conflict with them has been resolved.”

			And it turned out that by unanimous vote, everyone in the Accords agreed on that, because everyone in politics enjoys giving other people’s money to good causes.

			Whatever. I got people some help, did a little good.

			But I wasn’t finished.

			“There is also the matter,” I said, to Mab, “of personal debt. Ethniu was my kill, before all the Accorded nations, in defense of the demesne of Baron John Marcone of Chicago.” I turned to face him. “Acknowledgment of that act is due.”

			Eyes turned toward Marcone.

			“The Eye seems ample reward for such a deed,” Marcone noted.

			“To some,” Sarissa said, her voice very dry.

			“Do you have it?” I asked Marcone innocently.

			He stood there, suddenly very wary.

			“I mean, I’m not sure where it is,” I said, which was technically true—Alfred had it stashed somewhere and I’d told him not to tell me where, specifically for this conversation. Technical truth was, at the moment, the best kind of truth. “But if you want to hand it to me . . .”

			“I assumed you claimed it from Ethniu,” Marcone said.

			“I don’t know what to tell you,” I said.

			“Are we to believe that you just left a weapon like the Eye lying upon the ground?” Marcone asked.

			“Dude, there was an apocalypse on,” I said, in a very reasonable tone. “The earth shaking. Giant waves. I almost drowned, you know, in this giant stupid concrete teacup some fool made. It’s all kind of blurry.”

			Marcone narrowed his eyes.

			“The point is, my people fought and died for your land,” I said, my voice suddenly harder. “I fought and bled for your land. And if I hadn’t, you wouldn’t have a territory to defend. I defended your home. And I lost my own home doing it.”

			I pointed at Evanna.

			Everyone looked at her.

			“There was . . . damage to that apartment during the attack,” she politely lied. “No replacement apartment is available at this time. As such, he may no longer be our guest.”

			“See?” I said. “A debt is owed. And we take our debts pretty serious in Winter.”

			I felt Mab’s gaze over my shoulder, like a cold draft in the room.

			Only it was focused on Marcone.

			Marcone eyed me and then Mab, and then Lara. “Surely you don’t believe him.”

			A little smile played on the corners of Lara’s mouth. “The last I saw,” she said, “you were the one running off with the Eye, Baron.”

			“Queen Mab,” Marcone said in protest.

			“He has given me no reason to disbelieve him, Baron,” Mab said. She knew all about technically true things, too.

			Marcone turned to me with his eyes narrowed. He regarded me and said, “I know you have it.”

			Marcone had put me on a pedestal by telling people I’d taken out Ethniu. That act alone had probably scared enough members of the White Council to get me voted out. But if he was going to put me up there, he shouldn’t be too terribly surprised if I kicked him in the face.

			I took a breath, enjoying the moment.

			“Prove it,” I said. “Sir Baron.”

			Marcone eyed me. Then glanced past me to the Queen of Air and Darkness.

			Mab’s eyebrow went up so far that it threatened the line of her skull. Then she said, as if to Marcone, “Much is explained.”

			Marcone’s gaze slid around the faces of the Ministry, weighing what he saw there. He yielded with reluctant grace. “Very well, Sir Dresden.” Marcone sighed. “What is it you wish of me?”

			I leaned down to look him in the face.

			“I want my lab back,” I said. “Move your stuff.”



* * *



			* * *

			I’ll give this to Marcone: When he gives his word, he’s good for it.

			He emptied out the little castle built on the site of my old boardinghouse within twenty-four hours. Soldiers, personnel, furniture, lights—by the time we arrived the next day, all of it was gone. The castle was empty of Marcone’s presence, right down to the stones.

			“What do you think?” I asked. I turned on a heel, regarding the main hall. There was still a big hole in the roof where Ethniu and the Eye had provided incentive to install a skylight. I pointed at it. “Maybe get one like Doctor Strange’s window, right?”

			Molly looked around the place speculatively. “It looks . . . cold and slightly damp and gloomy. Like one big basement.”

			“Glorious,” I said. “Your dad is coming over later to help me figure out how to make it a little more human-friendly. I mean, you could fit a basketball court in here. And I don’t need a throne room.”

			“And you do need a basketball court?”

			“It’s an idea—that’s all I’m saying.”

			She shook her head. “Have you noticed all the enchantments on the place?” Molly asked skeptically. “There is some really old stuff here that is still working.”

			In point of fact, I had Bob going over the entire thing now for an in-depth assessment. The defensive systems built into the castle had been laid up by a wizard with a particularly thorough breed of the crazies. My first read was that Marcone’s use of them had only touched the surface of their potential—maybe Thorned Namshiel hadn’t yet had time to teach him to make full use of them. Hell, the only reason I felt like I knew what I was talking about was that the enchantments hardwired into the stones of the castle bore a startling structural resemblance to those that had been used to create Demonreach. It was entirely possible that the castle’s magical defenses had been the work of the original Merlin or one of his inheritors.

			It would take time to be sure, but if I was right, by the time I was done with the place, I’d have a redoubt damned near as hard to crack as the island, and a heck of a lot more convenient to live in.

			“Yeah. Kind of like having a smart house, I guess,” I said. “There’re all sorts of features I’m going to have to work through and figure out.”

			Molly gave me a rather wan smile. “Sounds fun.”

			“Maybe a little,” I said. “Gotta make sure Marcone didn’t leave me any magical surprises behind.”

			“Do you think he would?”

			“Not really,” I said. “But home’s a real good thing to be thorough about.” I looked around. “He was supposed to be bringing the keys by. He’s late.” I caught a look on Molly’s face and scowled. “Wait. Did you come down here with me to distract me?”

			“Not distract, precisely,” Molly hedged. “But . . . perhaps it’s better if you don’t butt heads with Marcone just now, Harry.”

			“Indeed,” came Mab’s cool, calm voice.

			The Queen of Air and Darkness entered the great hall through the same doors Ethniu had ducked beneath a few days before and surveyed the bare, clean walls through the shafts of sunlight falling through the hole in the roof. She wore the same business wear she had in the Ministry meeting. “Something of a fixer-upper, isn’t it, my Knight?”

			I scowled at her. “Did you collect the keys from Marcone on my behalf?”

			“No,” Mab said.

			“Because you thought I’d pick a fight with him?”

			“Of course not,” Mab said.

			“You don’t trust me,” I said.

			Mab gave me a bland look. “Do not be ridiculous. I trust you as much as anyone.” She glanced over her shoulder to a second figure entering the shadowed hall.

			“Lara,” I said calmly.

			The power behind the throne of the White Court entered the room with a faintly cautious air, examining the bare walls curiously. One, two, three dangerous women here with me, and a definite sense of conspiracy-for-my-own-good in the air. It was appropriate to start feeling a little wary, I thought.

			“At Mab’s suggestion, I took it upon myself to run the keys down to you,” Lara said. “I pointed out to the good Baron how it made everything happen in front of witnesses, very official and aboveboard, and avoided any possible moments of . . . negative emotional interaction between the two of you.”

			I grunted and said, “Between the two of us, eh?”

			“Oh, Marcone is furious with you, in his own way,” Lara said. “I’d say you won the round.”

			Which did not make me feel a little surge of petty satisfaction. At all. Ahem.

			“But you’ve got the keys?” I asked her.

			She held them up. She was wearing white gloves to go with the business suit.

			“And you guys arranged everything so us boys don’t get all emotional and start punching each other to impress the girls,” I said.

			“Or start making out with each other,” Lara volleyed back. “The two of you were looking very warrior-bro chummy, I thought.”

			“Ew,” I said, and held out my hands. “How do I know you didn’t make a copy of them for yourself?”

			“Mab was with me,” Lara said. She crossed the room to drop the keys in my hand without touching me. “And as if you weren’t going to change all the locks first thing, anyway.”

			I bounced the keys, two copies of a single master key, in my hand, then slipped them into my pocket. “I wouldn’t have punched him in the nose. I would have been nice. As long as he was.”

			“Of course,” Lara said, nodding firmly. “You’re both very mature.”

			I sniffed haughtily.

			Both of us were kidding around, rather than moving right into what was coming next. Neither one of us liked thinking about the fact that not only had we lost Thomas; we’d failed him, too.

			“Did your people find anything else?” I asked.

			Lara’s expression sobered. “The ship was found sunk in two feet of water off a beach in Indiana. Recovery operations underway.”

			I exhaled and nodded my thanks to her. “So, Justine made it to shore.”

			Lara nodded. “But where she went after that, we don’t know. My people are looking, but it’s a very large world.”

			“Finding people is what I do,” I said. “If you hold down your end, I’ll start from mine. Between us, we’ll catch her.”

			“If we do,” Lara said, “do you really think you can cast out . . .” Her voice lowered. She never said the word Nemesis.

			“I don’t know,” I said. “But we owe it to Thomas to try to save her. And the child.”

			Lara’s eyes became grim, and she gave me a small, firm nod and offered me her hand. “Shake on it, wizard?”

			I nodded and traded grips with her. “Agreed.”

			And a flickering something went between us. It wasn’t White Court mojo, I didn’t think. Just . . . a shivering note of energy. A harmony.

			It was a promise both of us had put a measure of will behind. It was a promise both of us meant to keep.

			We both had the same feelings about family.

			“Excellent,” said Mab from behind us. “Lady Lara, upon due consideration, your third favor is granted. You have my permission to court my Knight. The wedding will commence at sundown.”

			“Uh,” I said, “what?”

			Lara arched an eyebrow. “What?”

			“WHAT!!??” sputtered Molly.

			I blinked at her. Then at Mab. Then at Lara. And then Lara and I both more or less simultaneously jerked our hands out of the grip they’d been in.

			“The third favor requested of Winter,” Mab clarified. “Lady Lara desired a binding alliance with Winter. This seems wise to us. It will be done.”

			“Not that part,” I stammered. “The part with a wedding.”

			“The fusion of bloodlines is how these things are generally arranged,” Mab said in a deadly reasonable tone. “And you passed responsibility for such decisions to me when you swore your oaths, my Knight.”

			“Hey, didn’t nobody say anything about weddings,” I protested.

			Mab stared at me for half of a frozen second before saying, “You knew.”

			Yeah, well. There wasn’t any weaseling out of that one. When Mab had staked her claim, she had done so in . . . an unmistakably intimate and thorough fashion. Mab had laid claim to my life. And I’d agreed to it. Also unmistakably.

			I looked away from Mab, because she was probably in the right. I’d made a deal and sworn my oaths. Mab, as my liege, had not only the right, but the obligation to marry me off if it meant a more stable and secure Winter.

			But that didn’t matter.

			Because I’d had a long damned week.

			And Murph was gone.

			And the Winter mantle didn’t do a thing for that kind of pain.

			“You know what you can do with your wedding?” I asked Mab pleasantly, and even though I knew I was about to offer her open defiance in front of witnesses, and that there was only one way she could react to such a thing, I felt the words coming up.

			Mab’s gaze turned icy and settled on me.

			And some part of me said, What the hell? and started looking for the most childishly insulting thing I could possibly say to her.

			But before I could come up with something really good, open my mouth, and doom myself, Molly and Lara had both come between us.

			“This is inappropriate to force upon him at this time,” Molly said in a cool, rational tone to Mab, as she put a hand on my shoulder. Her fingers closed in an icy vise, hard enough to make my arm go numb. It wasn’t quite as effective as slamming a gag over my mouth would have been, but it was close. “In the immediate wake of the battle and his personal losses,” Molly argued, “there is nothing to be gained by putting further strain upon him.”

			“Your terms are acceptable,” Lara said immediately upon Molly’s heels. “But the customs of both my people and his own call for a more graceful and appropriate period of time before a formal union is commenced—as well as for a mourning period after the passing of one of the honored dead. To ignore either of these requirements would be for you and me to openly disrespect each other. It would send mixed messages to our vassals upon the very foundation of our alliance.”

			Mab looked coldly furious, but her gaze flickered aside to Molly and to Lara for maybe a tenth of a second. She stared at me and then arched an eyebrow, daring me to defy her. “Do you concur with this assessment, my Knight?”

			The part of me that missed Murphy and was sick of hurting wanted to scream, Go pound sand, you frigid witch. I am not your Ken doll.

			Molly’s hand clenched me hard enough to make things in my shoulder crackle.

			Maybe she and Lara hadn’t shown up only in an effort to keep me from losing it on Marcone. Maybe they’d come in an effort to protect me from something a lot more dangerous.

			I couldn’t stop from glaring defiance at Queen Mab.

			But the part of me that wanted to survive rasped, “Yeah. What they said.”

			Mab stared daggers at me for a solid thirty seconds of frozen silence. Then she said, “In the interests of building a solid foundation, Lady Lara, and in making best use of our Knight, Lady Molly, I will grant him the period of a year of mourning,” she said.

			“Do you know what you can do with your year of mourn—” I began to say.

			“Agreed,” Molly said hurriedly over me, and gave me a look that said, Dammit, Harry.

			Mab gave Molly a narrow-eyed glance. Then she lifted a finger and added, “With the proviso that they make regular public appearances together. War does not wait for the mending of broken hearts. We must project the image of improved solidarity at once.”

