			“Do not be tiresome,” Mab sighed.

			“Faeries don’t give gifts,” I said. “What kind of trick is this?”

			“The kind that isn’t,” she replied. “I am not giving you a gift. I am fulfilling to you an obligation.”

			I felt a smile touch the corner of my mouth. “Obligation, eh? Suppose I don’t accept?”

			A pained expression touched her eyes for about a tenth of a second. “That would be your choice. As would be the consequences.”

			“Well. That’s the first time I’ve ever been threatened into accepting a Christmas present,” I said.

			I took the bag. Inside was a jewelry box. Inside the jewelry box was a plain band that probably wouldn’t have fit on my pinky. It was made from some kind of silvery, opalescent metal. I brushed a fingertip over it. It hummed with stored energy.

			“Potent,” I said. “What does it do?”

			“It is meant for your daughter,” Mab said. “And it will give her powers.”

			I snapped the box shut and eyed Mab. “Excuse me?”

			She made an impatient sound. “Not like that, wizard,” she said. “If you give her the ring, she will . . . have a certain amount of influence, until next stroke of noon, over the forces of Winter.” She sighed. “And it will play music.”

			I narrowed my eyes. “What music?”

			Mab leaned over, opened the box, and obligingly touched the ring. It immediately buzzed and the room filled with a swirl of music, as a woman’s voice sang, “The snow glows white on the mountain tonight . . .”

			I shut the box on the sound and eyed her. It was just possible that I’d already heard that song enough to make my teeth itch.

			“Now I understand,” I said drily.

			“You are welcome,” she replied.

			“Just out of curiosity,” I said, “is it going to be possible for her to freeze someone’s heart and turn them into an ice statue?”

			Mab looked baffled. “Those are the powers in the motion picture. Should I have cheated her?”

			I rubbed at the spot between my eyes. “Got it. We’ll go someplace nice and quiet to play with this gift.”

			“Make sure she knows who gave it to her,” Mab said.

			Then the fire guttered again. When it returned to life, it was golden and merry, the way fire is supposed to be—and Mab was gone.

			“Leave me!” I called quietly to the empty air where she’d been. “Take me back! Haunt me no longer!”

			Mouse’s jaws dropped open in a grin.

			“Seriously?” I said. “You’ve read A Christmas Carol?”

			Thumpthumpthumpthump.

			“Yeah, well,” I said. “Let’s get back to work.”

			And we did. We’d been going for a while when sleet suddenly rattled against the windows outside, the silent snow turning into a quiet chorus of clicks and pops. Wind gusted again—and there was the sudden sound of a key in a locked door.

			The front door of the Carpenter house opened slowly and quietly, and a tall young woman with white-blond hair and ruddy pink cheeks, wrapped in a long and stylish winter coat, came in out of the cold.

			“Molly,” I said, smiling.

			My former apprentice, now technically also my boss, beamed at me, crossed the floor, and promptly gave me an enormous hug, which I returned.

			“Merry Christmas, Harry,” she said.

			“Merry Christmas, Molls,” I said. “Tell me it wasn’t you who talked to Mab about Maggie’s present.”

			“That was Sarissa,” Molly said. “She showed Mab the movie.”

			I tried to imagine Mab watching a Disney movie. She did not like Disney—not the company, and not the man. Disney had, in Mab’s opinion, done too much damage to the old faerie tales by sanding off all the unpleasant bits. According to Mab, it had weakened humanity in the face of supernatural forces, when they found out that the actual wicked Fae were nothing like Disney promised.

			Trying to imagine her watching musical numbers made my brain hurt.

			I tilted my head and said, “You’re here to bring me a gift?”

			“Part and parcel of the whole Winter Lady gig,” she said, smiling. She rummaged in her coat and came out with a silver envelope decorated with white snowflakes. She presented it with a flourish and a little bow. “It’s a little symbolic, but I think you’ll like it.”

			I opened the envelope. It had one piece of paper in it. On it was written a very large number.

			“What is this?” I asked.

			“The total of everyone’s medical bills from last summer,” she said, her voice quieter, soberer. “Everyone who got hurt. It’s all paid for.”

			I didn’t want to think about the peace talks.

			Pain. So much pain.

			“What about the funerals?” I asked. My voice was bitter.

			Molly was quiet for a long moment before she said, gently, “Those, too.”

			I bowed my head.

			I counted my breaths.

			“I’m sorry,” I said. “You’re trying to be kind and I’m just . . .”

			“Don’t,” she said. “It’s supposed to hurt, Harry. I’m glad you hurt. It means you’re still you.”

			I looked in the direction of the den, where Maggie and the youngest Carpenter children had fallen asleep watching movies.

			“Sometimes,” I said, “I can’t believe how arrogant I am. If it wasn’t for the kid . . .”

			Molly leaned down and rapped me sharply on the crown of the head with one knuckle. I eyed her and scowled. “Hey.”

			“Stop it,” she said. “You didn’t choose for things to fall out the way they did. You did everything in your power to stop anyone from being harmed. And you risked an awful lot getting in everyone’s face after the battle. It helped a whole lot of people.”

			“People who might not have gotten hurt in the first place if—”

			Molly rapped me on the head again and said, “You’re like a broken guilt record.” She sighed. “Can I give you a piece of advice, Harry?”

			I squinted at her. “What?”

			“When I was a kid, my mom spent a whole lot of time telling me how I should behave.”

			“And that worked out,” I said.

			She smiled, a flash of warmth that vanished into a little sadness. “Looking back, mostly what I did was whatever my dad did.” She put a hand on my shoulder, leaned over, and pressed a cool, sisterly kiss against my cheek. “Maybe you should think about what you want to teach Maggie.”

			I scowled and looked down.

			“You can forgive yourself, Harry,” she said gently. “The world won’t end. And it would be good for your daughter.”

			“Cheap shot,” I said.

			She nodded. “But no less true.”

			I looked down at the half-assembled bike. “That . . . is something I never learned to do,” I said.

			“Then I guess you’ve got some work ahead of you.”

			Dammit.

			I hate it when the grasshopper has me dead to rights.

			“I’ll try,” I said.

			“Good enough for me,” said the Winter Lady. She laid her cold hand against my cheek for a moment and then rose.

			“You’re not staying?” I asked.

			Molly shook her head. “Still trying to get my cohorts back to full strength. I’ve got pickups in Japan, Norway, and Siberia tonight. I’ll be back in time for morning presents.”

			“Good,” I said. I wanted to see her face when she saw the Hoth-gear Princess Leia action figure I’d gotten for her. “You made some enemies last summer. Watch your back, Molls.”

			Molly gave me a brilliant smile that was just a little too toothy to be warm. “I don’t watch my back, Harry,” she said. “I make other people watch theirs.”

			“All the same.”

			She rolled her eyes. “I’ll be careful.”

			“You’ll be dead!” we both shouted together, and grinned like fools.

			We traded another quick hug, and Molly left.

			As soon as she was gone, I let the smile drop. Mouse made a soft, pained sound and leaned against me.

			Six months was not a long time in which to say so many goodbyes.

			My dog leaned against me and I stared at the fire and wept for a time. But I was tired of tears. I was so damned tired of them.

			I picked up the piece of paper. If you left off the decimal points, it was a prime number. It represented the costs of medical care for tens of thousands, and funerals for thousands more. On a rational level, I knew Molly was right. It could have been worse. Much worse.

			But in my heart, all I could see was blood on asphalt, and all I could feel were empty places inside me where people should have been.

			I got up and walked quietly to the den, where my daughter, Maggie, was asleep with the other kids, her cheeks pink. She was a tiny girl, the lowest percentile for height and weight in her class, and she’d come back from her first semester of school with a GPA higher than 4.0. All I had was a GED. I didn’t even know how to calculate GPA. But I think I had a good idea of what the letters stood for.

			I watched her chest rise and fall for a little while, and the pain receded. I took a deep breath.

			I’ve fallen apart before. I’ve let the madness have me.

			But I was a father now.

			I no longer had that luxury. Thank God.

			Nothing you ever do can change the past. Can’t live your life looking backwards or you’ll spend it walking in circles.

			That little girl was the future.

			I nodded. And then I went back to the bicycle.

			Mouse was fluffy and faithful, but he was also pretty much just a kid himself. He helped out valiantly for another half hour or so and then just sort of fell over sideways and started snoring. I smiled at him. He’d done enough. I could muddle through the rest on my own.

			I cleared my mind of everything except solving the problem in front of me and anticipating Maggie’s happiness. The fire crackled. I added more wood. A deep and peaceful warmth settled somewhere between my chest and my stomach.

			And then I understood why Michael hadn’t helped.

			I was just putting the extra bullet-hole stickers I’d picked up onto the bike when the fire crackled and popped and flared up.

			“Merciful Heaven, what is this?” I mused aloud.

			There was a sound that can only be described as a foomph, and a sudden flood of soot from the fireplace and then . . .

			Well. Then.

			He had a round face. And a little round belly. That shook when he laughed. Underneath all the chain mail.

			Kringle was a tall, burly man with long silvery white hair and a magnificent snowy beard. He wore hunting leathers under a mail shirt, and over that was a heavy, magnificent crimson hooded robe trimmed in white fur. He carried an enormous sack over one shoulder—and there was no sword at his hip.

			He looked at me and let out a low, rumbling laugh.

			“Hey,” I said quietly.

			Kringle looked down at the bike I’d put together. He knelt by it, examining it closely.

			“This was done properly,” he said, a calm note of approval in his voice.

			“Thanks,” I said. “I’m not your vassal. We’ve worked together on some things, but I’m not even your friend. So if you’re here to give me a gift, I’m not sure why.”

			“Because tonight,” Kringle said, “that is what I do.” His blue eyes crinkled at the corners as he smiled. “And because you’re on my list, lad.”

			I snorted. “Please.”

			Kringle eyed me for a moment. Then he winked and said, “Call Kris Kringle a liar on Christmas Eve one more time.”

			“L—” I began.

			But something made me think better of it. I went back to putting stickers on the bike instead.

			“Good,” Kringle said. “And, yes. I’ve brought you a gift.”

			“Tell me it’s not a pony for Maggie,” I said. “I’ll be housebreaking it for years.”

			Kringle tilted his head back and chortled again. It was impossible not to smile when he did. But I could cover it up with a scowl as soon as he stopped, so I did.

			“No. It’s not for Maggie.” And he put down his sack and started rummaging inside, muttering cheerfully to himself.

			In a twinkling, he’d come up with a small cubic package wrapped in green-and-red patterned paper that—I’ll be damned—had an image of Mouse’s grinning face as part of the pattern. There was a tag on it. TO: HARRY. FROM: SANTA CLAUS.

			And the package was warm.

			I eyed it and then looked up at Kringle.

			“Well, lad,” Kringle said, chortling again, and gestured at the package.

			I opened it.

			Inside was . . .

			Was . . .

			A plain white coffee mug. The kind you buy at a craft store.

			Painted on it in a kindergartner’s attempt at writing, the scarlet letters drawn like pictograms by someone too little to understand them, were the words: NUMB3R ON3 DAD.

			The handwriting was mine.

			The cup was full of a light brown liquid.

			Something happened to my eyes and I couldn’t see the cup anymore. Just a blur of firelight. But I picked it up and sipped milk and sugar with a little splash of coffee in it.

			For just a second, I smelled my dad’s old aftershave. For just a second, I heard him laughing, laughing so hard that tears had to have been rolling from his eyes. For just a second, I felt a hand, his hand, on my shoulder.

			I drank from the cup I’d given my father on our last Christmas together, and the entire time I did, the memories of those Christmas mornings, of the laughter and hugs and the play, ran through my mind in IMAX, so vivid that I felt myself losing my breath at the memories of chasing my father around the yard with my new plastic lightsaber.

			I left the last sip in the bottom of the cup, kept my eyes closed, and said, “I love you, Dad.”

			When I looked up at him, Kringle was smiling down at me. He winked. Then he picked up his sack, slung it over his shoulder, and turned to the fireplace.

			“Oh,” he murmured, laughter in the back of his throat. “One more thing.”

			I heard a thump behind me.

			I turned.

			My daughter, Maggie, stood in the doorway from the den. She’d dropped a pillow that she’d evidently been carrying. She was staring, slack-jawed, at Kringle.

			“Ho, ho, ho,” he chortled quietly. He nodded politely toward Maggie, laid a finger aside of his nose, and . . . just vanished up the chimney.

			“Oh wow,” Maggie breathed. She met my gaze and her eyes were wide. “Oh wow!”

			As if the sound of her voice had been a starting pistol, Mouse bounced to his feet, suddenly awake and looking around excitedly.

			“What are you waiting for?” I demanded of my daughter. I rose and rushed toward the front door. “Come on!”

			Her little face with her big dark eyes went incandescent with joy and she sprinted after me, Mouse hard on her heels.

			We all ran to the front door and I flung it open to the night air.

			We saw the snow cascade off the roof. We saw the sleigh leap into the air, reindeer and all.

			“Oh wow!” Maggie exclaimed. “Santa’s real! And he left me a bike!”

			I looked down at her, and then back up at the departing sleigh, smiling hard enough to break my face.

			“Yep,” I said. “He sure did.”

			And we heard him exclaim as he drove out of sight:

			“Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night!”







=======

Chapter





One



Apocalypses always kick off at the witching hour.

			That’s something you know now.

			It makes sense, if you think about it. An apocalypse, by its nature, is kind of doomy and gloomy. The best time for gathering energy for that kind of working is when you’re in the deepest, darkest, coldest part of the night. That time of stillness between, oh, two in the morning and dawn. There’re a lot of names for that time of night. The witching hour. The hour of the wolf. The dead of night. I could go on and on, because we all have names for it.

			But they’re all talking about the same time. The hour when you sit up in bed, sweating from nightmares. The hour when you awaken for no reason but to fear the future. The hour when you stare at the clock, willing yourself to sleep, knowing it isn’t going to happen, and weariness and despair beat upon the doors to the vaults of your mind with leaden clubs.

			That’s when an apocalypse begins: the witching hour.

			And I was charging straight into one as fast as I could.

			My brother’s old boat, the Water Beetle, a seedy, beat-up twin to the Orca in Jaws, was too dumpy to skip over the waves of Lake Michigan as we headed for the blacked-out city of Chicago, but it bulldogged its way through them nonetheless.

			An Enemy, capital E, was coming for my city, and the small portion of forces that the Accorded nations could gather in time was all that stood between the unknown power of the Fomor nation, led by a mad goddess bearing a supernatural superweapon, and about eight million powerless people with very little means of defending themselves.

			I tried to give the boat’s old engine a little more gas, and it started making a weird moaning noise. I gritted my teeth and eased off. I wouldn’t protect anybody if the engine blew up on me and left us bobbing in the lake like a Styrofoam cup.

			Murphy came limping up the stairway from belowdecks and eased into the wheelhouse with me. I was about six eight or six nine, depending on my shoes, and Murph had to wear thick socks to break five feet even, so I took up a little more space than she did.

			But even so, she slipped up next to me and pressed herself against my side.

			I put my arm around her and closed my eyes for a second and focused on nothing but the feel of her against me. Granted, the battle harness and the P90 she carried (illegally, if that mattered at this point) made her a little lumpier and pointier than the dictates of romance typically mandated for a love interest, but all things considered, I didn’t mind. She was also warm and soft and tense and alert beside me.

			I trusted her. Whatever was coming, she’d have my back, and she was tough and smart.

			(And wounded, whispered some doubting part of me. And vulnerable.)

			Shut up, me.

			“How much longer?” Murphy asked.

			“If any of the lights were on, we’d be able to see the skyline by now,” I said. “How are our guests?”

			“Worried,” she said.

			“Good. They should be.” I looked down at her and said, “If anything happens, it will be near shore. Makes the most sense for the enemy to post their people or whatever there. Better tell everyone to be ready.”

			Murphy frowned at me and nodded. “You expecting trouble? I thought this Titan lady—”

			“Ethniu,” I supplied.

			“Ethniu,” she continued, without perturbation, “said she wasn’t showing up until the witching hour. But it’s midnight.”

			“For practitioners, the witching hour is between two and three in the morning. And besides. I think a revenge-obsessed goddess might not make the most reliable newspaper or clock,” I said. “I think the Fomor are an aquatic nation. I think if she’s really bringing an army in, she’ll have scouts and troublemakers already in position. And I think that even taken off their guard, without their armies, there are beings in this town that only a fool would fight fair against.”

			“I guess there’s no honor among demigods,” she quipped.

			I didn’t say anything.

			That got her attention. I saw her study my face and then ask, “How bad does it have to be for you not to be making jokes?”

			I shook my head. “It’s not just what’s happening tonight. It’s what it means. A supernatural legion is coming to murder everyone in the city. Whether Chicago stands or falls, it doesn’t stay the same. It can’t. This is going to be too big, too violent. The mortal world isn’t going to be able to ignore it this time. No matter what happens tonight, the world. Changes. Period.”

			She considered that seriously for a moment. Then she said, “The world’s always changing, Harry. The only question is how.”

			“Maybe,” I said. “But I can’t see how this one is going to be for the better. Mortals versus the supernatural world gets bad, Murph. Ugly. For all of us.” I shook my head. “And that’s going to happen now. I don’t know when. But no matter what happens, it’s coming. Now it’s coming.”

			She leaned against me silently and said, “What do we do?”

			“Hell if I know. The best we can.”

			She nodded. Then she looked at me and said, seriously, “Then get your head right. Leave that war for tomorrow. We’ve got plenty on our plate tonight.”

			I took a deep breath, closed my eyes, exhaled, and walled away a small ocean of fear that had begun roiling in my mind. By my own words, that worry was coming, no matter what I did. And I would face it when it arrived. Compartmentalize and conquer.

			Because for tonight, there was only one thing that needed to be on anyone’s mind.

			“Defend Chicago,” I growled.

			“Damned right,” Murphy said. “So how do we do that?”

			I shook my head. “Way I figure it, Ethniu is our main worry.”

			“Why?” Murphy asked openly. “She’s a big gun, but she’s still just one person. She can only be in one place at a time.”

			“Because she’s got the Eye of Balor,” I said.

			“Of who?”

			“King of the original Fomorians,” I said. “Archnemesis of the Tuatha, who I gather were some kind of proto-Sidhe. Ruled Ireland in prehistory. There was a prophecy that he would be killed by his grandson, so he locked his only child up in a tower for a few thousand years.”

			“Ethniu,” Murphy guessed.

			“Got it in one.”

			“Thousands of years as a prisoner. She’s probably stable and well-adjusted,” Murphy said. “So did he loan her the Eye or what?”

			“Kind of. He died hideously, after some good-looking Tuatha snuck in and knocked Ethniu up. The child born of it eventually killed Balor. Maybe the kid gave the Eye to his mom as a Christmas present. I don’t know.”

			She eyed me. “What do you know about it?”

			I shook my head. “Mostly mortal folklore, which is sort of like trying to understand history through a game of telephone. But the Eye . . . it’s a weapon that is beyond what the world has seen in millennia. Anyplace we gather to fight the Fomor’s troops, we’re just bunching ourselves up for the Eye to wipe us out by the boatload. And from what I heard, we’ve got very few ways to actually hurt Ethniu. But if we stand by and do nothing, she’ll literally level the city with the damned thing.”

			“So how do we win?” Murphy said.

			“Hell if I know,” I said. “The Senior Council will have been gathering information this whole time. It’s possible they’ll have come up with options.”

			“That’s why you went out to the island,” Murphy said. “You think you can lock her up out there.”

			“I think if I tried to walk up and bind her, she’d rip my brain apart from the inside out,” I said. I had to force myself not to rest my hand on the knife I was now wearing at my hip. In fact, it would be best if I didn’t think about it at all. Too many things in this world are way too good at catching glimpses of your thoughts. “Maybe she can be worn down. I might have a chance then.”

			“Maybe,” Murphy noted. “Might. I’m hearing a lot of waffle words.”

			“Yeah, that’s because I’m speaking optimistically,” I said, glowering.

			“Let’s call that one Plan B, then.”

			“Plan Z,” I said. “This isn’t like our usual mess. I’m still a heavy hitter in those. In the league these people are operating in, I’m a middleweight at best. I . . .” I shook my head. “I’m hoping someone has a better idea of what to do than me.” I felt myself growing instinctively tenser and cut the throttle by half. “Okay. I think we’re getting close. If there’s going to be trouble, it will be between us and shore. Better let them know.”

			She bumped her head against my arm, leaned for a moment, and then pushed away. “I’ll tell them.”

			She limped out carefully to go belowdecks again, and I began to cut the throttle a bit more, peering out into the night. There wasn’t much to see. There was some city light against the belly of the cloud cover, south from way down past Aurora, and from the far side of the lake, but Chicagoland was wrapped in utter blackness.

			Except . . . it wasn’t.

			I just hadn’t been able to see the firelight from quite so far away.

			The tall, dark, silent cliffs of the city’s skyline appeared against the not-quite-black overcast. There were candles in windows, hundreds of them in sight, but they were lonely little points of light in all that darkness. Fires had to have been burning on the streets, because they cast ruddy cones of light dimly over the lower levels of some of the buildings.

			I cut the throttle even more. I had a pretty good idea of where I was on the lake, thanks to my mental connection to the island behind us, but I was only sure of my position to within maybe a hundred yards, and the dark made things tricky. I didn’t want to miss the channel into the harbor and gut the boat on the rocks.

			The electric bow lights I would normally have used to help pilot my way in had been blown out when the Last Titan had unleashed the Eye of Balor on the roof of the nigh-indestructible castle of the Brighter Future Society. The Eye had blown a hole clean through it and simultaneously sent out a pulse of magical energy that had blown out the city’s grid completely, including the electronics on cars and airplanes and the electrical systems on the boat. The old diesel engine was still chugging away, but that was about the only thing on the boat that had survived the super-hex the Eye had thrown out. Chemical lights hung at the bow and stern, but that was just to keep someone else from running into us, as if anyone else was out on Lake Michigan that night.

			I peered through the dirty glass of the wheelhouse, searching for the white painted markers of the channel, which should have been all but glowing in the gloom. The harbor’s lights were out, of course, and eighteenth-century lighting was not highly conducive to proper boat-handling safety.

			Abruptly there was a crunching sound, squeals of protest from the Water Beetle’s hull and superstructure, and the boat went from moving slowly to not moving at all in the space of several seconds. I staggered and had to grab at the ship’s console to keep my balance, and the wheel spun suddenly in my hands, the grips smacking my fingers hard enough to leave bruises before I could whip them away.

			I lurched out of the wheelhouse as the boat began to pitch sharply to the left and front, timbers groaning.

			Murphy appeared from belowdecks, a chemical light hanging from her harness, her little rifle at her shoulder. She staggered into the bulkhead with her bad shoulder and hissed in discomfort, then made it out onto the deck and braced her feet, holding on to the rail with one hand. “Harry?” she called.

			“I don’t know!” I called back. I reached into my shirt and pulled out my mother’s old silver pentacle necklace with the red stone in the center of the five-pointed star. I held it up, murmured a word, and let out a whisper of will, and the silver of the amulet and the chain began to glow with soft blue wizard light. I made my way quickly forward as the ship rocked back the other way, groaning and squealing, holding up the light so that I could see a little ahead of me. “We must have run aground!”

			But when I stepped over a thick clump of lines and got to the ship’s bow, I could see only dark water in front of me. In fact, the light from my amulet picked out strips of reflective tape and plastic reflectors on the docks, ahead of me and slightly to the left. Which was to port, on a ship, I think.

			We were still in deep, clear water.

			What the hell?

			The ship moaned and rocked the other way, and that was when the smell hit me.

			It was an overwhelming odor of dead fish.

			Oh crap.

			I turned and held my amulet out over the clump of “lines” I had stepped over.

			It was a thick, rubbery, pulsing, living limb, a tentacle, deep red-purple in color, covered in leathery, wart-shaped nodules and lined with toothed suckers—and it was maybe half again as thick as a telephone pole.

			I wasn’t telling my body to move in nightmare slow motion, but it felt like that was happening anyway, as I followed the tentacle to the side of the ship, where it had slithered up the hull and seized the superstructure, attaching itself to it with dozens and dozens of limpet suckers—and went down to a vast, bulky shape in the water, something almost as massive as the boat itself.

			That tentacle flexed, distorting in shape, and the ship screamed again, rocking the other way.

			And a great, faintly luminous eye glimmered up at me through the waters of Lake Michigan.

			A colossal squid. A kraken.

			The Fomor had released the freaking kraken.

			“Stars and sto—” I began to swear.

			And then the waters of the lake exploded upward as what seemed like a couple of dozen tentacles like the first burst from the depths and straight at my freaking face.





Chapter





Two



Tentacles. That’s what I remember of the next several seconds.

			Mostly tentacles.

			Something hit me in the face and chest and it felt like getting slugged with a waterbed’s mattress. I was knocked sprawling back from the rail, and even as I went down, something began crushing my ankles together. I looked down to see a couple of winding tentacles holding my legs together, toothed suckers seeking purchase, fruitlessly for the moment—Molly’s spell-armored spider-silk suit still had enough juice in it to hold them off, and the gripping teeth couldn’t get through the fabric.

			Then a third tentacle, this one much slenderer, whipped around my forehead, and I could feel the crackling sound as dozens of tiny teeth crunched through my skin and found purchase in the bone of my skull.

			That’s the kind of noise that will make you panic right quick.

			My head slammed against something and there were a lot of lights, and then my head and my feet suddenly got pulled in opposite directions.

			I seized the tentacle that had me by the head and pulled hard enough to get enough counterpressure to keep it from snapping my neck—and it left me suspended uncomfortably, stretched out between the overwhelming opposing forces, just trying to hang on.

			Story of my freaking life.

