			“Little A,” I said in protest, then clarified. “The Fomor, those kidnapping bastards, are coming with an army. And they mean to kill everyone in the city.”

			That got me dead silence. You could have heard half of a pin drop.

			“What do we do?” Georgia asked into that void. “What can we do?”

			Nervous whispers began to spread.

			“You’re not alone,” I said instantly. “There’s considerable power getting ready to argue with them about it. Names out of storybooks are getting ready to fight the Fomor. But that means it’s going to be big-league bad out there,” I said. I blew out a breath and pushed my fingers back through my hair. “Here’s how it is, people. The wolf is at the door. So if you’ve been meaning to take a martial arts class, or you thought maybe you should learn to shoot a gun, it’s too late. You’ve only got three choices now.”

			I held up a finger. “You can run, and they’ll chase you.” I held up another. “You can hide, and they’ll hunt you.” I clenched my hand into a fist. “Or you can fight. Because they are coming to kill you.”

			I pointed at Will and the Alphas. “These guys have made themselves ready and can maybe survive. But we don’t need theoretical warriors out there. If you don’t think you could win a scrap with Will and his people, the only business you have out there tonight is dying. The safe houses, like this place, will probably be the last to fall. But if the enemy takes the city, they will fall.

			“So make your choice. Run. Hide. Or fight. Any of them could get you killed.”

			“Jesus,” someone whispered.

			Someone’s baby made a fussing noise and was shushed.

			“What about the army?” Bock asked quietly.

			I shook my head. “They’ll be all over the place. In the morning. The leading elements of the enemy’s forces are already here.”

			That went over with a round of whispers.

			“I’m sorry, guys,” I said into the sotto voce aura of fear. “But that’s how it is. Choose now and stick with it. The more you dither, the more dangerous changing your mind gets.” I gestured toward Murph. “You all know who Karrin Murphy is,” I said. “She’s going to be coordinating defense here. Will, that all right with you and your people?”

			Will didn’t need to check in with the Alphas. He simply nodded and said, “It is.”

			“Thank you,” I told him, and meant it.

			Georgia was studying Murphy’s expression intently, and the two of them traded a look I couldn’t read. “Of course, Harry. Whatever we can do to help.”

			“Mac, that all right with you?”

			Mac didn’t look up from the mug he was polishing with a spotless white cloth. He let his silence be taken as assent.

			“Right,” I said. “Gotta move. Saw a bike chained up outside. Whose is it?”

			There was a profound silence in the room.

			“Oh, come on, guys,” I said plaintively. “It’s not a violation of the Laws of Magic. I just really need wheels to go save the city and whatnot.”

			In the back corner of the room, a hand went up, and a skinny kid in sunglasses and a raised, tied hoodie spoke in some kind of Eastern European accent. “It is my bike.”

			I squinted at him and said, “Gary?”

			Crazy-but-Not-Wrong Gary, the Paranet guy, hunched down so hard that he looked like a cartoon buzzard, and his narrow shoulders nearly knocked off his own sunglasses. “Christ, Dresden,” he said, in a plain midwestern accent, “just out me to everyone.”

			I eyed him for a second.

			Then I said, “Guys, who knew this was Gary?”

			Approximately eighty percent of the people in the room put up a hand, Murphy’s and Mac’s among them.

			Gary looked sullen.

			“You’re among friends, man,” I said. “Of course they know who you are.”

			Gary eyed me suspiciously over the rims of the sunglasses.

			“Gary,” I asked, “can I borrow your bike?”

			He shrugged. “Sure.”

			He threw me a key. I caught it without dropping it, which made me feel cool. Then I said, to the room, “Things are going to be bad tonight, kids. I’m not your father, but if you’re staying here and you want to live to see sunrise, I’d do whatever Ms. Murphy asks you to do.”

			“First thing we’re going to need is a triage area,” Murphy said to Will. “One way or another, people are going to get hurt.”

			“Georgia, get started on that,” Will said. “Marci, Andi, with me. We’ll go round up some more supplies from the drugstore.”

			The Alphas got to work with an immediate will, heh-heh. They were good people.

			I wondered how many of them would still be alive in the morning.

			Will and Georgia had a kid.

			I shook myself. I was terrified for them, for the people who were my friends—but if I stood there feeling terrified and sick and worried and helpless to protect them, I wasn’t going to do them any good.

			From where I stood, their best bet was for me to coordinate with the rest of the Accorded powers to hit the incoming enemy with as much muscle as could be mustered. The White Council could hit harder than just about anybody else on the planet. I’d personally seen members of the Senior Council tangle with small armies, wrestle with shapeshifting arch demons, and pull satellites down from the sky onto their enemies’ heads, wiping them out by the hundreds.

			And, Hell’s bells, my place was among them.

			I might be the dumb kid with the sledgehammer from his father’s toolshed, compared to the sword-saint samurai who were the Senior Council—but I had discovered, in my time, that no matter how skilled and elegant a foe might be, a sledgehammer to the skull is a sledgehammer to the skull.

			I bounced the binding crystal from the island in my hand and slid it into what was left of my suit coat’s pocket.

			I’d find something useful to do.

			But I couldn’t do it here. I couldn’t watch over my friends. I couldn’t be the one to protect them. I had to trust that what they’d learned from me, and from the community I’d helped to build, would see them through.

			Well. That and an artifact that had been literally stored on the same shelf as the goddamned Holy Grail, and what was left of an ex-angel.

			Along with the knife now resting on my left hip and humming with quiet power.

			Stop thinking about that, Dresden.

			I traded a last look with Karrin. Then I took the key, went out and unlocked Gary’s red twelve-speed, put it in twelfth gear, and pedaled furiously into the night.

			I mean, yeah.

			I could have run, but come on.

			There’s no one human who likes that much cardio.



* * *



			* * *

			I had gone only a couple of blocks on the bike when I heard someone say, “There he is.”

			Another voice shouted, “Dresden! Stop! CPD!”

			I thought about not doing it for a second—but assuming the bad guys got stopped tonight, the city would still be here tomorrow, and that would mean dealing with the law. Hell, I was trying to get Maggie into a good school. She’d never get admitted if her dad was, for example, on trial.

			So I hit the brakes and let the bike skid to a stop in the darkness between a couple of guard posts. I sat there waiting impatiently as two sets of footsteps came up, one tall and built light and one short and built heavy-duty. The taller, thinner shadow was breathing harder than the massive shorter one.

			“Detective Rudolph,” I said. “Detective Bradley. Out for a run?”

			“You can fu . . .” Rudolph began, gasping.

			Bradley elbowed him in the ribs and said, “Get your breath, sir.”

			“Bradley,” Rudolph gasped, barely able to breathe, “goddammit.”

			Detective Bradley turned on Rudolph and pointed a finger. Just that. He said nothing and did not move. Bradley was built like an armored vehicle and had hands like a gorilla.

			Rudolph, handsome as ever, even with his porn ’stache, wilted.

			Bradley held his finger pointed a moment more, nodded, and then turned to me. “Excuse me, Mister Dresden. Lieutenant Stallings has asked you to come in on a consult.”

			“No can do,” I said. “You need to seek cover in strong positions. Didn’t you guys get Murphy’s warning?”

			“We got it,” Bradley said. “But she ain’t exactly in good odor right now, you know?”

			“Because of you twits,” I snarled, about ninety-nine percent of it at Rudolph. “Well, tell Stallings my official consulting advice is that he’d goddamned well better listen to every word she said.”

			“I knew it,” Rudolph said to Bradley. “It’s some kind of terrorist attack and he’s in on it.”

			I stared at him, in my smudged, soaked, slashed suit that still smelled like dead fish and lake water, on my kind-of-stolen twelve-speed, and said, “Yeah, I’m Osama bin Laden over here. Hell’s bells, I don’t have time for this.”

			“You should come with us, sir,” Bradley said.

			The timbre of his voice had changed. He meant business. He hadn’t changed his stance yet, but he was the kind of guy who would let you know his intentions—and I was still standing there astride a bicycle.

			“Bradley,” I said, “I know you’re doing your job right now. But you don’t know how much you could be screwing things up for, um, everyone. Just everyone.”

			“Mister Dresden,” Bradley said, “you’ve done some good for us before. You know this drill by now. Just come in. You’ll be done in a couple of hours.”

			“We don’t have a couple of hours,” I said. And because I can let people know my intentions, too, I met Bradley’s gaze and said, “Any of us.”

			When I give people that look, they look away.

			Bradley didn’t.

			The eyes, they say, are the windows to the soul. They’re right. How long it takes to trigger the soulgaze varies, but it seems to work faster for people in heightened states of emotion—and we were standing in the middle of millions of people in heightened states of emotion. It was fertile ground for such a connection.

			So I got to See Bradley, and where he stood was not only a man in a modest custom suit, but also the spreading trunk of some oak tree so enormous as to look squat, rising to branches that cast far more shade than its source occupied.

			It didn’t take a genius to realize that I was looking at the man’s character—that he bore the burden of his duty with stolid responsibility. It didn’t mean that he was impervious to corruption or anything—but, like that solid tree, barring some injury or illness of character, it would hold up under the strain for a good long while. The image hit me with the same kind of impact you might experience in the ocean, as a wave lifts you off your feet. I had to take a stagger step to keep my balance, fighting to break the connection.

			I don’t know what I look like in a soulgaze. The only mirrors for the human soul are the people around us. All the people who had been my mirrors hadn’t generally reacted with great positivity to what they’d seen.

			Bradley let out a sharp, huffing cry and took a staggering step back. He stumbled and went down, catching himself awkwardly on his elbows and wrenching his neck. He lay there for a second, gasping.

			“The fuck!” Rudolph screamed. He’d cleared his jacket from his gun and had his hand on the grip. “The fuck! The fuck did you do to him, Dresden!?”

			I shook out my shield bracelet, just in case, and said, “Nothing! Just give him a minute!”

			Rudolph drew the gun and aimed it at me, his voice panicked. “Goddammit, what did you do?!”

			His finger was on the trigger.

			Rudolph was one of those blessed idiots who thought that the world was a rational place. Though he’d been repeatedly exposed to the real score with the supernatural when he had worked at Special Investigations, he’d somehow remained impervious to reality, or at least gave every outward appearance of doing so. I guess it had made him really good at writing the reports Special Investigations had to turn in, where they reduced the paranormal into lowest common denominators until everything fit neatly inside all the categories.

			Rudolph wasn’t stupid. You can’t be entirely dim and manage as a police detective and smarmy politico. His denial was less a function of intelligence than a complete lack of the moral courage necessary—a paralyzing inability to face truths that he found personally terrifying.

			Rudolph was a coward.

			“Trigger discipline, Detective,” I said in a quiet voice, not moving. “I’m not close enough to get to you, and I’ve got this damned bike between my legs. There’s no need to have your finger on the trigger yet.”

			“Shut the fuck up,” he snarled, making a little gesture with his shoulders on the expletive. “Put your hands up! Slow!”

			The Winter mantle didn’t appreciate the aggression in his voice—or maybe it appreciated it way too much. My first blind instinct was to lunge at the screaming twit, take my chances, and break his scrawny neck. But that would have been impolite.

			I did what he said, slowly, seething with rising impatience and anger the entire time. Hell’s bells, of all the times to have to tangle with the normie bureaucracy, this was not it.

			Unless . . . Maybe that wasn’t what was happening here.

			Rudolph had been on someone’s payroll for a while, we’d been pretty sure. Suppose he’d been given orders to stop me and take me out of the picture for the evening?

			Or for keeps.

			And that accidental soulgaze with Bradley had just given him an excuse.

			Rudolph might have been someone’s creep, but a creep he remained, and he was scared. If I brought up a shield or tried any of my usual tricks, he’d pull the trigger before he even thought about it, and he was too close to miss. My suit would probably stop the rounds when whole—fae tailors seemed to regard bulletproofing as a standard feature—but the kraken had slashed sections of it to ribbons, and there was always the chance he’d aim for the head or neck, or that the shot would go up the sleeve or something. He could get off three or four shots while I was calling up my shield.

			I might chance that. But it wasn’t really Rudolph that was the problem.

			The problem was what happened after I openly resisted a duly enabled officer of the Chicago Police Department. Once he started shooting at me, I’d have to disarm him at the least, and after that it might get really complicated, really fast. I preferred to be something other than a wanted fugitive.

			Unless I just killed them both.

			It was dark. There weren’t any street cameras, any instant backup. We were playing by old-school rules, the Winter mantle suggested. Rudolph had crossed a line. It would be too bad about Bradley, who seemed a decent sort, but there were about eight million reasons around me why the logic came down on the side of eliminating both of them and proceeding to the defense of the city. For all I knew, Rudolph was a Fomor agent trying to take out one of Chicago’s heavyweights. Well. Middleweights.

			And it wasn’t as if the two of them could stop me, unless Rudolph got lucky with the first shot, and that happens a lot less in real gunfights than you’d think.

			Kill them, said a quiet, hard voice inside me.

			I closed my eyes for a second. Maybe I should have run instead of taking the bike. The Winter mantle was apparently reacting to the fear in the air, and it sensed a city full of cowering prey to be enjoyed. It paced the length of the cage I’d built for it in my head like a hungry, restless animal.

			No, I said back to the voice in my thoughts. Killing your way to answers is never as simple as it seems. The best way to survive is to keep it simple.

			I didn’t bother trying to argue about right and wrong. Those are concepts beyond the scope of that kind of magical construct.

			Assuming that’s who I was talking to, instead of, you know. Myself. Gulp.

			I opened my eyes and kept my hands up. “Rudolph, man, this is so not the time.”

			“Shut up!” he shouted. “If your teeth come apart again, I’ll shoot.”

			I gritted my teeth and prepared my shield. Crap. If the idiot started shooting, I’d have to take my chances, raise the shield, and run away. There was no way these two could keep pace with me for long. Dammit, I just needed a second or so to get the shield up. I decided to lunge away from Rudolph, over the far side of the bike. In the dark, it might take him a second or two to find me and realign the weapon. I might have time to pull up a shield before he could even start shooting.

			I heard the faintest scrape of movement in the shadows.

			I looked beyond Rudolph, across the street, and saw the gleam of eyeshine in the darkness. One, two, three, four sets of eyes approached through the night, gleaming, low to the ground, vanishing into the particularly dark patches.

			There was a sudden chorus of bubbling, throaty canine growls that came from the night on every side.

			Rudolph’s eyes went very, very wide. He took a panicked little step to one side, flicking his eyes left and right. “What was that?”

			I made mumbling sounds without opening my mouth or moving my jaw, wobbling my hands a little without lowering them. “Oilcan,” I said. “Oilcan!”

			“Goddammit, Dresden!” Rudolph screamed. “Answer me!”

			“They’re wolves, Rudy,” I said. “Timber wolves. They were in the neighborhood and they’re friends of mine.”

			The growls grew louder. Will and the Alphas had been on the streets a long time. They knew how to survive there, how to fight, how to win, and how to be scary when they needed to be.

			Ever heard a pack of wolves growling in anger? It’s less than restful.

			“Ever seen what a wolf’s jaws can do to a buffalo bone?” I asked. “It’s impressive. Next to that, human bones are like corn nuts.”

			Rudolph was well armored against reality. “There are no wolves in downtown Chicago!” he shrieked. “This is a trick!”

			“Technically, you’re right,” I said. “They’re werewolves. But it’s no trick.”

			Rudolph made a high-pitched sound, like a door opening on a frozen hinge.

			On the ground, Bradley groaned and said, “Jesus, Mary, and Joseph. What the hell are you doing, Rudolph, you idiot?”

			Rudolph’s eyes snapped down to Bradley.

			That was the opening I needed. I unleashed my will into the shield bracelet on my left wrist, raising it as I murmured, “Defendarius.”

			By the time Rudolph’s eyes had come back to me, a glowing quarter dome of translucent force had glittered into existence between us. The distortion of the shield made him a little wider and squatter. The gun in his hand shook. It was a miracle it didn’t go off.

			“Goddammit, what is happening!?” Rudolph demanded.

			Bradley came to his feet, looking disoriented and annoyed. The first thing he did was stare, agog, at the glowing light of my shield. He shook his head a little. Then he went to Rudolph and, carefully, put his hand on the other man’s forearm and pushed down.

			Rudolph tried to shrug him off. “The fuck are you doing?”

			“Saving your stupid career,” Bradley said. He kept pushing. The cubic man was stronger than half a dozen Rudolphs. After a brief second of resistance, Rudolph relented and lowered the weapon.

			He looked up at me and then out at the dark, where the growls had not stopped bubbling out of the night. “Dresden. Call them off.”

			I looked at Bradley and then called, into the dark, “Okay, guys, thanks. I think we’ve got things cleared up.”

			The growls vanished. There was no sound, but I was pretty sure the Alphas had cleared out. The only reason I’d seen them coming in the first place was because they’d shown themselves to me intentionally.

			Like I said. Good people. But even better wolves.

			“Put the piece up,” Bradley said. “Now.”

			Rudolph glared at him, but he did it. I lowered my left arm and relaxed, letting the shield wink out. It left us in gloom that made us all into dark outlines while our eyes struggled to adjust.

			“I’m writing this up, Bradley,” Rudolph said.

			“Go ahead,” Bradley replied, his tone bored. I couldn’t see much of him in the dark yet, but I could feel that he was focused on me. “I got a pen, too. You just drew on a civilian with no cause.”

			“Whose side are you on?” Rudolph hissed.

			“Dresden has places to be,” Bradley said.

			“What?” Rudolph demanded.

			Bradley’s voice went flat. “Don’t be stupid. He could have gone through us if he wanted to. You’re lucky you’re still alive. And your trigger discipline sucks.”

			Rudolph spat an oath and stalked away.

			I watched the good-looking man leave and then turned to Bradley. I offered him my hand. “Thanks. And I’m sorry about that.”

			Bradley shuddered and took half a step back from me, turning his head away. “Don’t come anywhere near me,” he said. He jerked his jaw at my bike. “Now go do what you have to do. And stay away from me.”

			Like I said. The only mirrors we have are other people.

			I didn’t stare at Bradley’s shadowed form in pain for very long. The witching hour was near.

			The Titan was near.

			I got on the bike and started pedaling.





Chapter





Five



I rolled up to Castle Marcone at half past midnight. It was an enormous, blocky house of stone with a raised tower at each corner. Honest-to-God torches burned in ancient sconces on the battlements. Guards in a mix of modern and classical armor manned the walls. Out front of the building, the useless autos had been rolled onto their sides and rearranged into a couple of concentric barriers in front of the entrance to the castle. You had to start at one end of the first barrier, then walk all the way to the other end in an S-line style to get into the castle—all of it under the gaze of the armed Einherjaren on the walls.

			Messengers were coming and going on the ground, all of them on bicycles, moving by the dozens. Flickers of magical energy were pulsing through the air all around me as well—spells and wards that were being brought to life, major-league stuff that took a good long while to spin up. Meanwhile, in the air above the castle, darting winged forms swarmed everywhere.

			It didn’t look intimidating or anything.

			Standing on either side of the doors to the castle was a tall woman in black leathers and mail. Their hair was buzzed short on the sides and much longer on top. Neither woman was visibly armed, except for particularly hard-looking black fingernails, and their eyes were black all the way through the sclera, gleaming with a sinister intelligence.

			I slowed down as I approached the doors, and the attention of two sets of all-black eyes settled on me like the barrels of guns.

			“Look who it is,” I said. “H and M. How’s tricks, kids?”

			“The seidrmadr,” said the one on the left. I’ll call her H, because honestly I couldn’t tell them apart.

			“The starborn,” murmured M. “I still think we should shred him.”

			“It is the most logical course of action,” H agreed.

			Four hands tipped with very nasty-looking talons flexed.

			These two were Vadderung’s personal bodyguards, and they scared me. Anything that could be violent enough to be the last line of defense for freaking One-Eye was nothing I wanted to tangle with for fun.

			Of course . . . I don’t react well to bullies.

			“Easy there, ladies,” I said. “Or we’ll find out how well you operate at absolute zero.”

			Two heads tilted sharply.

			“The Winter Knight,” M said.

			“At the weakest portion of the seasonal cycle,” H noted.

			“Fifty percent chance he neutralizes one of us before termination.”

			“Conflict with the seidrmadr results in approximately a twenty-five percent reduction in the principal’s personal defenses.”

			“Unacceptable,” said M.

			“Unacceptable,” agreed H.

			The pair returned to parade rest, hands and talons behind their backs. Their eyes returned to scanning the surrounding night, ignoring me.

			“Well. It was nice to see you again, too,” I said. “Do you guys like those little seed bells or would you prefer live mice in your Christmas basket?”

			That earned me their attention again, and another head tilt.

			“Levity,” said H.

			“Madness,” said M.

			And then they both blurred toward me.

			It’s hard to explain how fast the movement was. I threw up my hands. I’d gotten them almost to the level of my waist when something hit me and drove me flat to the concrete. There was a high-pitched, cawing shriek, louder than an air horn at close range, and then tearing sounds, snarls, and . . . splatters.

			I lay there stunned for a second, the wind knocked out of me, unable to get a steady breath in. H, maybe, was crouched over me, her feet on either side of my ribs, the heels of her hands on my sternum. She wasn’t looking at me. I followed the direction of her gaze.

			M was crouched in exactly the same pose as H, only she was hovering over a mess. Her arms were soaked black to the elbow, as was a circle of sidewalk five feet across. What was left at the center of the circle was little more than maybe fifty pounds of tissue and bone. There were some scales involved there, and some limbs with too many joints, but I had no idea what kind of creature had been there a moment before.

			I looked down at my own body. There was a distinct lack of gore. I finally got a breath. Whatever that creature had been, it had gotten to within ten feet of my back before H and M had dealt with it.

			“The hell was that?” I asked.

			“A scout and assassin,” H said.

			“Swift,” said M. “Difficult to see.”

			H nodded and rose away from me. “The enemy prepares.”

			M rose and offered me a hand up. Her hands dripped with black gore.

			“Levity, huh?” I said to her.

			One corner of her mouth quivered.

			No matter how severe Vadderung’s people might be, they’re always cheered by the chance to give you a hard time.



* * *



			* * *

			“Harry,” Ramirez said as I got to the bottom of the stairs that led up onto the roof of the castle. “Dios, where have you been?” He paused and said, “What the hell did you get on your hand?”

			I sighed. “You got some kind of scraper?”

			He came down the stairway to me on his cane, looked at the knife on my belt, then up at me, and lifted an eyebrow.

			“Ritually purified,” I said. “Don’t want to use it until it’s time.”

			Ramirez eyed me for a moment before he grunted and produced a gravity knife from his pocket and flicked it open. He was a good-looking man, dark of complexion and eye, a Spaniard by way of California. He flipped the knife, caught it by the blade, and offered me the handle. “You hear what happened?”

			“Yeah,” I said, and took the knife. “Had to go grab some tools.” I started trying to scrape the black gunk off my hand. I’m pretty sure it wasn’t actually burning, and that was just my imagination, but as it had cooled it had taken on the consistency and adhesive properties of honey and smelled like offal. My progress was dubious.

			“Just keep the knife,” Ramirez said, his expression faintly nauseated.

			“Thanks,” I said, and forced myself to keep my tone calm and natural. “Where’s the old man?”

			“Roof, with everyone else,” he said. “Everyone’s rushing to bring in all the help we can. Don’t really have many skills in that area. I feel like a fifth wheel.”

			“Yeah, well. We’ll get our chance once the fighting starts.”

			Ramirez grimaced down at his cane. “True.”

			“Hey, at least you aren’t in a wheelchair.”

			“True,” he said, more brightly. His expression then sobered. “Harry, I need to talk to you about something.”

			“Always the very best way to set up a conversation for success,” I noted drily. I tried to pay no attention to the way my stomach jumped.

			“Yeah, well,” he said. He pulled up on the stair above me, so that he could look me more or less in the face, if not in the eye. He regarded me for a moment before he said, “Where did you go tonight?”

			My belly tightened even more. I felt everything shutting down, my expression locking into my best poker face.

			Regret passed over Carlos’s face. “You can talk to me.”

			“What?”

			“Harry,” he said slowly, “you and I are friends, right?”

			“We’ve heard the chimes at midnight more than a few times,” I said.

			He nodded. “And seen a few bad places.”

			“We have.”

			“Well. Maybe you should . . . at some point . . . consider treating me like a friend.”

			I held myself perfectly still. “What?”

			Carlos lowered his voice, but it remained intense nonetheless. “I don’t mind that you think of me as the little brother, Dresden, but don’t think I’m a goddamned idiot. Don’t think I can’t see what’s happening.”

			I stared through him and said nothing.

			“If you’re in trouble,” he said, “if you need help, you can talk to me, man. You should talk to me.”

			“Why is that?” I said.

			“Because big and goddamned scary things are happening,” Carlos said, his voice hard. “The knives are coming out, and it’s my job to keep them from going into the White Council’s back. Because you are in close alliances with scary creatures who are doing scary things to you, and you barely seem to acknowledge it. And because you’ve got access to way too much power, and you could do way too much damage, man. I know you, Dresden. I love you. But too much is at stake right now to let things slide.”

			“Is that a threat?” I asked him. It came out a lot more gently than it could have.

			“If I can see it,” he said, “others can, too. Talk to me. Let me help you, Harry.”

			I stopped for a second and thought about it.

			Ramirez was a formidable ally. And, good God, it would be nice to have a skilled wizard in my corner. Ramirez was popular among the younger members of the Wardens. If I had his help, I’d have their help as well.

			But Ramirez was also popular among the establishment. Granted, I wasn’t entirely bereft of allies there, but increasingly as time had gone on, Carlos had come to represent a new ideal for the new generation of Wardens—more compassionate than those who had come before, quicker to investigate and slower to conclude, but every bit as dedicated to the Laws of Magic and the security of the White Council of Wizardry.

			My friend Carlos would be an enormous amount of help—but Warden Ramirez would be honor bound to inform the Senior Council about my relationship to Thomas, if I told him the truth. I wasn’t even sure that he would be unwise to do so, all things considered. But if that happened, I might as well leave my brother in the fridge—the White Council would never, ever leave my relationship to Thomas as a potential handle to be used against them. They would either reverse that pressure preemptively or else . . . remove the handle.

			The White Council had never been a source of anything but grief to me.

			Carlos Ramirez was my friend.

			But Thomas was my brother.

			“I don’t know what to tell you, ’Los,” I lied. “I was doing liaison stuff for Mab.”

			“Liaison stuff,” Carlos said. “Rumor calls it something else.”

			Hell’s bells, Freydis and her stupid illusion. “Stars and stones, it’s like a British sex comedy around here,” I said. “Look, there are shenanigans happening between Mab and Lara. I’m . . . moderating things.”

			He gave me an uncertain look.

			“I’d tell you more if I could,” I said. “But this is internal Winter stuff. And, honestly, man, we don’t have time for this.”

			Ramirez looked away from me and sighed. “Dammit, Harry.”

			“Hey, I don’t like it any more than you do,” I said. “But I need to talk to the old man. We have work to do.”

			“Yeah,” he said. He took a slow breath and then nodded once, decisively. “Yeah, we do. Come on up.”

			We went up the stairs together. Ramirez had a bruise forming on one cheek. There were ligature marks, sharp bruises, forming on his neck where his cloak had hauled him around.

