			He wore a full suit of gothic plate armor, made of some weird-looking alloy colored a deep, almost black shade of purple. It came complete with a small black cape emblazoned with the corporate logo of Pizza ’Spress, a local delivery chain, in gold embroidery, surrounded by letters in the logo, FOR THE ZA LORD.

			Instead of his usual utility blade or X-Acto knife, he bore in his hands a spear as long as he was with a broad head suitable for stabbing or slashing, made from the same metal as his armor. Upon his back, between his wings, was a pair of short blades hanging from a harness, also in the same kind of metal.

			Toot deftly avoided a clutch of darting pixie messengers and came streaking directly toward me—ignoring the circle completely and coming to a screeching halt in midair in front of the Redcap at eye level.

			“Avaunt, scoundrel!” he piped at the Sidhe warrior. For a pixie, Toot had an absolutely roaring basso of a voice. For everyone else, he sounded like a cute cartoon character. “I saw you giving my lord dirty looks!”

			The Redcap narrowed his eyes and showed his teeth in a lazy smile. “Care, little one. I’d prefer not to waste a bullet on you when there’s so much more interesting game in the offing.”

			“I’d like to see you try it!” huffed Toot, buzzing in a little circle that sent motes of light exploding out from him like a cartoon figure’s cloud of dust.

			Even as I watched, there was a flitting shadow, and by the time the sound of a second set of buzzing wings was audible, a slender figure in black fae armor, almost Toot’s size, was hovering just behind the Redcap, the tip of her little black lance touching the skin of the back of the Redcap’s neck with delicate precision. The pixie holding the lance was female, pale of skin and dark of hair, and she had way too much makeup around her eyes.

			“Think carefully, biggun,” the pixie piped. “For though one day I will end his miserable life, while my durance continues I will lend my arm to the major general.”

			The Redcap’s eyes shifted behind him. By the time they moved back to Toot, the pixie’s distraction was over, and his lance was resting a hairsbreadth from the Redcap’s eye.

			“Lacuna adores me!” Toot shrilled.

			“We are comrades in arms,” Lacuna said. “Then I will kill you.”

			“It is love!” Toot insisted.

			“When you’re dead,” Lacuna said, “I get your teeth.”

			Toot beamed broadly. “See? She loves me for me!”

			The Redcap took a deep breath and said, “Boo!”

			Both pixies fluttered back a dozen feet before the sound was done leaving his mouth.

			“Dresden,” the Redcap said, a touch plaintively.

			“Major General,” I said, “Lacuna, stand down. Tonight, he is the enemy of my enemy.”

			Toot gasped and gripped his spear more tightly. “A double enemy!”

			Lacuna buzzed over to hover near Toot. “No, idiot. It means he is an ally right now.”

			Toot gripped his lance in both hands, his arms extended to full length, and buzzed in a happy circle. “My girlfriend is so smart!”

			“I am not your girlfriend,” Lacuna said sullenly. “I am a prisoner of war.”

			“Harry, I must say,” Toot-Toot said, dropping his voice to a stage sotto voce, “that’s frozen pizza. What are you doing?”

			“It’s symbolic pizza,” I said.

			“Symbolic pizza sucks!” Toot shouted.

			“None of it is good for you,” Lacuna insisted.

			“Guys!” I said. “The pizza—all the pizza—is in danger!”

			That got their attention.

			Toot-Toot whirled to face me in horror. “What?!”

			Lacuna’s face suffused with joy. “What!?”

			I gave them the kindergarten-level, probably cheaply animated rundown on who Ethniu was. “And now,” I concluded, “she’s coming here to kill all the people.”

			“Uh-huh,” Toot said, nodding, listening, completely supportive.

			“And me,” I said.

			“Uh-huh,” Toot said, brightly, waiting.

			“And all the pizza shops,” I said.

			“Oh no!” Toot wailed. He buzzed in a vertical circle. “Oh no, oh no, oh no!”

			“That will definitely be better for your teeth,” Lacuna said.

			“The stars take my teeth, woman!” Toot bellowed.

			Lacuna gasped, shocked.

			“This cannot be borne!” Toot trumpeted. “It cannot be endured! We must fight!” He shot out into the open air above the street, spinning as he went, so filled with fury was his tiny form, glowing brighter and brighter. “We must fight!” he called, and his shrill voice rattled from the stones of the castle. “WE MUST FIGHT!” came his tiny roar, echoing down the streets.

			And something happened that I had not expected.

			The stars fell on Castle Marcone.

			One moment, the bustle of the command center was proceeding along. The next, glowing lights, some as tiny as the little elements inside Christmas lights, some as large as beach balls, all began descending from overhead, emerging from corners and crevices of houses, rising from gardens and bushes and gliding from trees. In moments, the torchlit night, full of shadows and uncertainty, had become filled with an ambient aurora that bathed entire blocks around the little castle in multicolored radiance. They weren’t coming by the handful or by the dozen, but by hundreds and thousands, with more gathering from every direction.

			In a particular circle around Toot-Toot, thirty or so of the largest and fiercest of the pixie warriors had gathered, each of them armed and armored like their leader, in finely made fae plate, bearing small and wickedly sharp weaponry. The Za Lord’s Guard had turned out for battle, but it was more than that.

			I realized that I was watching something that I had never seen or even much heard of before.

			The Little Folk were mobilizing for war.

			For pizza.

			Hell’s bells.

			Well.

			You always find support for your causes by making them relatable to people where they live, I guess.

			“Idiots,” Lacuna breathed. “We could just hide and then take all the teeth we wanted from the dead.”

			“You are a highly creepy little person,” I said.

			“Thank you,” Lacuna said gravely.

			“Where’d they get the armor?” I asked.

			“Lady Molly had it and the new weapons delivered with the pizza, at the solstice,” she said.

			I eyed her armor. “What happened to all the barbed fishhooks that were welded on yours?”

			She sniffed and gave me a haughty, disgusted look. “The general kept cutting himself. Because he knew I would be honor bound to nurse him back to health after. It was necessary.”

			“Toot and Lacuna, sitting in a tree,” I chanted, grinning. “K-I-S-S—”

			The tip of Lacuna’s lance landed firmly in the space between my two front teeth.

			“Attempt to complete that enchantment, wizard,” she said, “and I will ram this lance through your uvula.”

			I couldn’t stop smiling without the blade of the lance cutting my lips. So I stood there carefully with my teeth together and my lips lifted away from them and said, “Okay.”

			There wasn’t a visible signal, but Lacuna looped up into the air, joining the Za Lord’s Guard and then, in a coordinated streak of light, all thirty of them came zipping down to the roof of the castle and hit the ground in formation, in unison—in the classic superhero landing, before straightening to slam tiny fists to tiny breastplates, the faemetal ringing like a chorus of wind chimes.

			“My lord!” Toot shrilled. “Your Guard stands ready to serve and to lead our people in defense of the pizza!”

			I looked up and . . . the sky was full of a wheel of tiny lights, tens of thousands, maybe hundreds of thousands of the Little Folk, in an aerial field half a mile across and slowly rotating, as if that entire circle, that entire . . . pizza of tiny fae, was deliberately, precisely centered.

			Above me.

			The talk and chatter died away as light bathed the grim, dark little castle. Silence spread across the rooftop. I looked down to see Mab and the Ladies regarding me with small, knowing smiles. Everyone else, from ghouls to White Council to svartalves to Sasquatch, just stared up at the sky and then at the focus of the whirling mandala of Little Folk, at the kneeling formation of warriors, awaiting my word.

			They all stared at me.

			Mab’s eyes glittered with fierce, bright pride.

			I didn’t really know what else to do. So I just got to work.

			I dropped to one knee to address my little fighters, like a football captain in a huddle. I pointed at the body of the dead assassin squid and said, “See those things?”

			Toot growled, and the Guard followed suit. It was kind of adorable.

			“The bad guys are sending those things to kill the big people trying to protect the pizza,” I said. “They fly and they’re under a veil. We need your help. Only the Little Folk can protect us against them. I want a cohort stationed here and at the svartalf embassy to intercept any of these creatures coming in. Everyone else should hunt them down wherever they can be found. The littlest of your folk can help us by watching out for veils. If they see any bad guys moving around under veils or being sneaky, they should swarm them and make sure the big folk can see them and fight them.”

			“Kill these things,” Toot said, gesturing at the fallen assassin squid. “Guard this house and the svartalf house. And point out any sneaky bad guys to the poor, stupid bigguns.”

			“Exactly, General,” I said. “Can you do it?”

			Toot shot to his feet and up to my eye level, and the rest of the Guard came with him. He shouldered his lance and slammed a little fist over his heart, making the faemetal chime again, and whirled to begin giving orders. He pointed and gesticulated wildly, speaking in too rapid and high-pitched a tone for my poor biggun ears to clearly understand. Individual members of the Guard sped out into the night, up to the cloud of Little Folk above, to gather a constellation of glowing lights around them and speed off in different directions.

			Within minutes, the effects could be seen. Clouds of determined Little Folk, too small to fight individually, would zip around darting assassin squid in little swarms, creating streaks of light across the sky. When the first one was sighted, Toot himself zipped out with his lance gripped tight, Lacuna on his wing. Within a moment, the pair of them flew a dead squid back to the roof and dropped it proudly at my feet. Their armor and lances were stained with ichor, their little faces satisfied and proud. “Like that?” Toot asked.

			“Good work, General,” I said firmly. “Carry on until we’ve driven them all away or the battle is lost.”

			“We will not lose the pizza,” Toot-Toot said grimly.

			Lacuna sighed.

			Then the pair of them zipped off into the night.

			“Impressive,” the Redcap said, once they were gone. He glanced at his pistol with a faint expression of disappointment and then slipped it into his waistband at the small of his back. “How did you manage to bind them all?”

			“Trade secrets,” I said. I tried not to think about how much pizza it would take to pay off that many of the Little Folk. Maybe I’d send Marcone the bill. It was technically his stupid territory we were defending. “I’m done with you.”

			The Redcap narrowed his eyes but nodded at me politely and went back over to Molly, who had returned to running her own communications through her own Little Folk crew.

			Mab approached and stood beside me for a moment, looking out at the night. You could see a squid being taken down every minute or so. It was a bit like watching for falling stars at the right time of year.

			“Mortals ask a question,” she said after a moment. “Is it better to be feared or loved?”

			“I can guess your answer,” I said.

			“And I yours. Yet they do not love you, per se,” she mused.

			“Not exactly, no,” I said. “But I found something they did love. Something that united them.”

			Mab looked at me blankly.

			“When a group comes together around something they love,” I said, “it changes things. It changes how they see one another. It becomes a community. Something greater than the sum of its parts.”

			Mab did not seem enlightened.

			I tried to explain another way. “The creation of the community encourages investment in that community,” I said. “Once they’ve invested, they’ll fight to protect it.”

			Mab’s eyebrows went up in comprehension. “Ah. You found a weakness in their psychology and manipulated it. You provided them with a resource and incurred their debt.”

			“I made them see themselves differently.”

			“Neuromancy? You? I shudder to think of the results of that.”

			I sighed. “Look. Maybe you’ll just have to trust me. It’s a mortal thing.”

			“Ah,” Mab said dismissively. “Still. An impressive display. You frightened several very confident beings tonight. I found it entertaining.”

			“Yeah, it just . . . sort of happened,” I said. I leaned tiredly on the battlements. I wished I had a sandwich.

			I sneezed out of nowhere, so hard that I nearly slammed my head into the merlon I was leaning on. By this time, I was getting used to it. I felt the surge of wearying energy leave me, felt where the conjuration point drew matter from the Nevernever into the mortal world and shaped it. I managed to get my hands into the air above my head in time to deflect a falling club sandwich. It bounced off one of my forearms, splattered partly on one shoulder and partly on the ground—before promptly turning to gooey ectoplasm.

			Mab stared at me as though I had just begun dissecting a fetal pig at the dinner table. She shook her head slowly, once, and said, “Just as you begin to impress me.”

			“Oh bide be,” I muttered, and fished out a handkerchief to blow my nose.

			Stupid conjuritis.

			I was exhaling when the first explosion thudded through the night air.

			Everyone froze.

			To the east and a little south of us, a column of flames rose into the air, flaring out in the night. The shock wave of the explosion was tangible, even where we stood on the roof, something I felt push through my chest.

			“Was that . . . ?” I breathed.

			Mab drew herself upright, cold light gathering around her brow in a coronet of glittering motes that trailed a veil of tiny snowflakes behind it. Every eye on the roof turned to her, as the Queen of Air and Darkness lifted her face to the night sky and spoke in a voice that did not so much thunder through the air as glide into the earth itself and resonate in gentle music from every solid surface in sight.

			“Accorded nations,” Mab said calmly. “Stand to arms. Mortal men of Chicago, remain in the homes that offer you your only safety. The enemy has come for the city.”





Chapter





Eight



My stomach did a little twisty flip.

			Somewhere in my head, I’d been processing it all night, that events this large could not go by unnoticed. That destruction on this scale simply could not be brushed under the rug, that this many witnesses could not be silenced. Whatever happened in the battle, whoever prevailed, one fact was clear.

			Things were going to change.

			The mortal world couldn’t take something like this in stride.

			I’d known that on an instinctual level for a while, I thought, but I hadn’t consciously processed it until I’d heard Mab addressing the mortal population of Chicago by means entirely and self-evidently magical.

			She wasn’t even trying to keep things subtle.

			God, that had the potential to be the greatest nightmare I could imagine—the mortal world, turned against the supernatural. The war that would be born from that conflict would redefine barbarism—and it could already be lurching into motion, right here in front of my eyes.

			Of course, if Ethniu had her way, it was an absolute certainty. So we’d have to stop her here and now and as quickly as freaking possible.

			But whatever happened, after tonight there would be walls coming down between the mortal world and the supernatural one that had stood solidly for centuries. Stars and stones, I didn’t think anyone knew what that might mean.

			Focus, Harry.

			Save the city.

			Stop the Titan.

			Don’t mess it up.

			While I was busy trying to screw my courage to the sticking place, Mab was already moving. She spoke quietly to Listens-to-Wind and the two had a brief exchange before the old shaman inclined his head to her, murmured to Wild Bill, and then simply leaned and fell off the edge of the building and out of sight.

			A heartbeat later, the gliding, silent form of a great owl swept up from below the battlements and soared in the direction of the explosion.

			Out in the distance, I heard the sound of gunfire. Not the usual stuff, the kind of thing you might hear from time to time, that could maybe be a car backfiring. This sounded like a war movie, a crackling like deadly popcorn.

			Mab listened to the gunfire for a moment. Then she stopped outside Martha Liberty’s circle, speaking quietly, and listened to what one of the poppets had to say. From there she stopped in with Lara Raith, holding a brief conversation that featured several nods from each of them.

			Ebenezar stumped over to stand next to me. There was a long moment of strained silence. Then he cleared his throat and said, “How you doing, Hoss?”

			“I feel like I should be moving,” I said. “Explosion, gunfire.” I nodded in the direction in which Listens-to-Wind had vanished. “I should be running toward that.”

			The old man grunted. “Do you remember the hardest lesson of power?”

			“Knowing when not to use it?”

			“Aye,” he said, his voice rough. He leaned on a merlon and stared out at the night. Firelight from a circle of road flares several blocks away reflected in his spectacles. He watched the Little Folk take down another assassin squid. “Well. In this fight, you’ve got to be in the right place at the right time. That means hanging back until you know where to throw your weight.”

			I clenched my fists. He was right. I knew that. That didn’t mean I had to like it.

			“I hate it, Hoss,” he said in a very quiet voice.

			I turned toward him and listened.

			“Seeing you like this, all the time. In the worst of the cross fire. It was like this with your mother. Getting more and more isolated from other wizards.” He glowered at Lara and Mab. “Getting caught up with a bad crowd. And I didn’t know what the hell to do. What to say to her. Either.” He coughed and blinked his eyes. “Dammit, Hoss. You keep getting hurt. And I can’t stop it.”

			I might have blinked my eyes once or twice, too. Then I leaned on the merlon beside him and said, “Well. Could be that I get myself involved in things sometimes.”

			His eyes wrinkled at the corners. “You don’t know how to sit things out, and that’s a fact.”

			“Maybe I should have had a better teacher.”

			He puffed out a breath and glowered at me briefly. “Wiseass.”

			I sighed. “You think I’ve made the wrong calls.”

			“I think I don’t know anyone who gets into bed with Mab without regretting it,” the old man said, without any heat. “You’re keeping real dangerous company, Hoss.”

			“She’s played it pretty straight with me so far,” I said.

			“Aye. And it’s making you lower your guard. Like it’s supposed to.” He shook his head. “She’s immortal. She can take her time. Entangle you one strand of web at a time. You and your apprentice, too.”

			I thought about Molly’s eyes. Or maybe not-Molly’s eyes, cat-pupiled and alien.

			“It’s dangerous,” I said. “I know that. I went in with my eyes open. If Mab compromises my free will, she loses what makes me an effective weapon. It’s still me, sir.”

			The old man glanced at me from under his shaggy silver brows. His voice softened slightly.

			“You’re betting an awful lot on that,” he said.

			“Am I wrong?” I asked.

			His jaw muscles tensed and relaxed several times. “There’s falling from grace,” he said, finally. “And there’s being pushed. And you’re standing pretty far out on a ledge, Hoss.”

			“My choice,” I said. “Eyes open.”

			The old man snorted. “Aye. Don’t mean I got to like it.”

			“Neither do I,” I said candidly. “But it’s what I’ve got.”

			His eyes glittered brightly behind his spectacles as he stared at Mab. “You should get out.”

			“Not without Molly,” I said.

			He sighed. “Why do you think Mab roped her in, boy?”

			“Not without Molly,” I said, in exactly the same tone.

			“Dammit,” he said. But he stopped pressing. “Her next move will be to start putting the nails in. Get you pegged down the way she wants.”

			“Like what?”

			“God Almighty knows, boy. Responsibility, maybe. God knows you collect enough of that. She would use wealth to weigh you down, if you cared about that kind of thing much. Power, maybe, influence. Maybe she’ll throw some honey on top. But whatever it is, it’ll look good at first glance, and it’ll put you on a tighter leash.”

			“Sir,” I said, “how well does history suggest that leashes will work out with me? For anybody at all.”

			He snorted quietly. “Mab ain’t a high school gym teacher, Hoss. Or a batch of worried, cautious old fools.” He coughed. “Or a worn-out farmer who cares too much about you.”

			I put my hand on his shoulder and squeezed.

			He nodded at me.

			“You understand,” he said. “I’m going to do what I think is right for you, Hoss. I have to. How can I do any less?”

			“You are a stubborn old pain in the ass, sir,” I said, warmly and sadly. “Who ought to know better.”

			“Well. I was never much good at learning my own lessons,” he said.

			Another explosion happened, only to the other side, farther north. This one was softer and broader, somehow. It didn’t go kapow so much as it went whoomph. Light flared out and showed us the shadows of buildings in a city block for a quarter of a minute, though we couldn’t see the source of the light.

			My stomach quivered again, uneasiness going through me. Fire. Gunshots continued.

			We weren’t close enough to hear any screams.

			Not yet.

			My heart started beating faster.

			“Gas tank went up, maybe,” I said. My throat felt tight. My voice came out scratchy.

			“Aye,” agreed the old man. He eyed me. Then, without a word, reached a hand into his overall pocket and came out with a flask. He offered it to me.

			I opened it and sniffed, then sipped. Water. I wetted my whistle gratefully. “That came from up by the svartalf embassy,” I said.

			He grunted. “Etri and his svartalves are set up in that area. He and the Archive are commanding from there.”

			“Ivy, huh?” I asked. “I thought she was neutral.”

			“She was, until Ethniu included her in her threat with the rest of us,” Ebenezar said. “The Archive realizes the need for self-preservation—and if the Titan truly wishes to subjugate humanity, she must destroy literacy as part of the process.”

			“Huh. It’s not so much that, I think,” I said thoughtfully.

			The old man looked at me.

			I shrugged. “Ivy . . . she’s on our side. On the side of people. On a fundamental level.”

			“How do you figure?”

			“She’s made to record and preserve knowledge,” I said. “No people, no knowledge. Nothing to record and preserve, and no reason to record or preserve it. Her existential purpose requires . . . us.”

			“Wouldn’t get my hopes up too far about that one,” Ebenezar said. “But you might be onto something.”

			The Redcap must have vanished from the rooftop for a while, because I saw him come back up from below with a big black nylon equipment bag. He took it over to Molly, who looked up, waved away several of the Little Folk playing messenger around her, and rose to her feet. She took the bag from him, carried it over to us, and tossed it down at my feet.

			“There,” she said. She eyed me. “I’m just not feeling the suit for this kind of work. Go change.”

			I arched an eyebrow at her. Then I leaned down and opened the bag.

			It had my stuff in it, from the apartment. A pair of jeans, a T-shirt, and my ensorcelled leather duster. My gun belt was in there, too, with my big old monster-shooting revolver, as well as a short-barreled coach gun in a scabbard on a bandolier loaded with various-colored shells.

			“Suit up, Sir Knight,” Molly said, and winked at me.

			“Hell’s bells,” I muttered. “I’m just a great big Ken doll for you people to dress up, aren’t I?”

			“You’re lucky the Leanansidhe is commanding the outer defenses,” Molly said. “Auntie Lea would have insisted you be properly attired.” Her smile faded. Her eyes searched for words for a moment, and when she spoke, she was choosing them carefully. “Harry. I won’t be here for you tonight.”

			I paused and stared at her. “What? Why?”

			“I can’t tell you.” She grimaced, frustration in her eyes for a moment. “But it’s necessary. And it’s got to be me.”

			I drew a deep breath. I’d been counting on having the grasshopper to back me up. The now-immortal grasshopper, for crying out loud.

			On the other hand, this was Molly.

			I stared at her eyes for a while. She and I had taken each other’s measure already. And what I had seen in her was a dark and terrible potential, power that could be used for weal or woe, based upon her choices. I guess the real question was whether it was really Molly making the choices any longer. If it was still the young woman I’d known.

			I knew where I stood on that one.

			If my Molly said she had to leave, she had a damned good reason.

			“Okay,” I said. I winked at her. “I mean, dammit, but okay.”

			She lifted both her eyebrows in surprise for a moment. Then she clasped my hands and gave me a brief luminous smile. She nodded to Ebenezar and turned away, beckoning with a finger and collecting the Redcap like a well-trained hound. The pair of them hurried from the command center and vanished below, presumably to leave the castle.

			And I felt a little more alone than I had a moment before.

			My stomach wasn’t quite cramping, but . . . the tension was getting higher. The quivering unrest inside me would not cease. We stood there waiting and doing nothing while a war began around us.

			Another car went up, this time farther to the south. An assassin squid made it all the way to the roof before Lacuna rammed her spear through it and pinned it to the map table six inches from Vadderung’s hand. The one-eyed man grunted without looking up from the map, unstuck the spear absently, flicked the squid over the side of the building, and offered the weapon back to the small fae.

			Wizard Cristos came over, looking dignified and severe in his suit and robes, and spoke quietly in Ebenezar’s ear. The old man nodded, thumped my shoulder with his fist, and walked off to one corner of the rooftop, speaking quietly to the other Senior Councilman.

			I couldn’t stand there doing nothing all by myself. I grabbed the nylon bag and took it down to the locker room next to the gym. Then I started doing what you do in locker rooms, and changed clothes. It was a busy place; the Einherjaren who were still coming in from the blacked-out city surrounding the castle would rush in to suit up and arm themselves from the weapons locker.

			I was down to my underwear when a man the size of a small polar bear slammed his locker and departed, still buckling a vambrace onto one arm, and abruptly left me alone in the locker bay with Gentleman John Marcone.

			The robber baron of Chicago had undressed down to his undershirt and slacks and was currently fastening the fittings on a vest of overlapping scales of some advanced-looking material that covered his torso closely enough to be custom fit. I’d seen him out of a suit only once before, and he’d been in rough shape at the time. Despite his age, Marcone was built like a light-heavyweight boxer. The muscles moving under his forearms were made of lean steel cable. As I watched, he shrugged into his suit shirt and began buttoning it up.

			“Did you forget the next step in the dressing process, Dresden?” he asked, without looking up at me. “Or is this some sort of awkward sexual reconnaissance?”

			With massive dignity, I put on my pants one leg at a time. “Locker room talk? Really?”

			“It seemed something you would be capable of appreciating.”

			I snorted and kept getting dressed. Marcone put on a gun belt and hung a pistol under each arm.

			“I saw you earlier,” I said. “Facing Ethniu.”

			He eyed me without actually looking at me.

			The words tasted bitter and tainted in my mouth, but I said, “That took guts.”

			His mouth twisted at one corner. “Ouch. That must have hurt.”

			I nodded and spat into a trash can. “No idea.”

			Marcone took up his suit jacket and shrugged into it. He adjusted it until the cloth fell without revealing the guns. “Do you know the difference between courage and foolhardiness, Dresden?”

			“Any insurance adjuster would say no.”

			He waved a hand at my banter, as though that was all the acknowledgment it deserved. “Hindsight,” he said. “Until the extended consequences of any action are known, it is both courageous and foolish. And neither.”

			“Well,” I said, “tonight you earned yourself a Schrödinger’s Medal, I guess.”

			He seemed to muse on that for a moment. “Yes,” he said, fastening one button. “I suppose I did.” He paused and glanced at me. “I notice you kept quiet.”

			“Maybe I’m finally learning my lesson.”

			“That’s not it.” Marcone tilted his head, frowning. “The only way that would have happened is, frankly . . . if you had not been present.”

			Okay, well. Sometimes even the bad guys are right, more or less. I kept my mouth shut and finished getting dressed.

			“Dresden,” Marcone said, “while I have enjoyed working with your queen, and find her business practices admirable, do not presume any sort of personal amity between us. At all.”

			“Oh. I don’t.”

			“Excellent,” Marcone said. “Then I will not need to explain how severely I will be obliged to react to you should you engage in any of your . . . typical shenanigans in violation of my territory or my sovereign rights under the Accords.”

			“Really?” I said. “Right now, you’re comparing testosterone size?”

			“I have no intention of dying tonight, Dresden,” Marcone said. “Nor of losing what I have fought to claim. I am a survivor. As, improbably, are you.” He nodded to me politely and spoke in a very quiet, reasonable tone that was all the more chilling for the absolute granite rumbling beneath the surface. “I only wish you to be aware that I mean to continue as I have begun. After tonight, I will still be here—and you, by God, will show respect.”

			“Or what?” I asked him, lightly.

			Marcone’s stare was not a matter for lightness. “I will pursue my rights under Mab’s Accords. And she will not protect you.”

			I felt a little cold chill go through my guts, way down low. Marcone had me dead to rights there. I had violated his territory under the Accords, more than once. He’d just never wanted to shove it in the face of the White Council, who would have had no interest in bowing to a lesser power. Offhand, I wasn’t sure what the penalty would be for that kind of lawbreaking, but Mab’s idea of justice wasn’t exactly a progressive one. More to the point, her idea of justice was damned near an absolute: If I had broken her laws, I would deserve to be punished under them. My status as the Winter Knight would not matter to her in the least, except that she might be that much more annoyed before she executed me.

			Dammit, Thomas. Why in the hell do you get me into messes like this?

			“As long as we’re being honest,” I said, “you should probably know that I still think you’re a prick. I still think you’re responsible for a lot of good people getting hurt. And I’m going to tear you down one day.”

			Marcone stared hard at me for a moment. He wasn’t afraid of my eyes. He’d taken my measure, too, and I remembered the cold, fearless core of him, of an apex predator who happened to wear a human form. Then he, too, did something eerie.

			He smiled.

			A wolf would have been jealous.

			“Excellent,” he said.

			Then he left.



* * *



			* * *

			I walked back out onto the roof, the heat of the summer night wet and heavy against my face. My duster hung heavy over my shoulders, too hot for the night, the spell-infused leather a comforting weight around me. I gripped my staff in my left hand. From one hip hung my big .50-caliber revolver. The scabbard for the short coach gun, loaded with Dragon’s Breath rounds, hung from the other. My Warden’s cloak was fastened over one shoulder, where it would be adding the least to my discomfort in the sultry air, yet still declare my allegiance to the Council.

			Over on the eastern edge of the roof, Mab, Lara, the Senior Council, Vadderung, the Erlking, and the Summer Lady had gathered together in a silent group, with River Shoulders looming over them in the back. They were staring out at the night, now lit by more fires, and the wind coming off the lake brought us the distant scent of burning rubber and black smoke.

