

* * *



			* * *

			The battle was a hell of a thing. I could hear it happening around me. I could still smell blood and death. I knew it was going on—but here, where we were strong, the enemy was keeping his distance for the time being. Occasionally, one of the snipers would fire a shot, generally to the sound of squealing screams in the distance.

			I wanted to be fighting. But that battle with the Huntsmen had convinced me that charging out there all blind and righteous would probably get me killed within half a dozen blocks or so, at best. Even with River Shoulders next to me, that had been a close one. What if a second pack had crashed in during that? Maybe it would have been my skin hanging up on a clothesline—and the plan to stop Ethniu would officially be over.

			I checked the coach gun. I’d recovered it and my revolver. I’d reloaded the trusty hogleg and strapped it back on. Dragon’s Breath rounds were rough on the weapons you fired them through, but the coach gun was as solid and simple a piece of American steel as you could find, and the barrels were short enough to make eventual heat warping a nonissue. It would serve me a while yet. I reloaded the weapon with a couple more Dragon’s Breath shells and slid it into its scabbard.

			There was the tromp of boots from the castle, and then Marcone came out, flanked by Gard and Hendricks and trailed by a column of heavily armed and armored Einherjaren, who immediately assembled in the street. A dozen ghouls came gamboling into the night after them, transformed into their half-bestial state, and armed and armored from the castle’s stores, blades and guns, mail and Kevlar, as they had chosen. They immediately loped into the night toward the lake, muzzles wide, tongues lolling and drooling.

			Our scouts. Ick.

			Lara came out next, dressed in a loose-fitting white garment of some kind, trailed by Riley and half a dozen of his professional shooters, and another half a dozen members of House Raith—which is to say a sort of dizzying vision of dark-haired and pale-skinned women who wore the same loose-fitting white garments, moved like leopards, and carried a variety of instruments of death. Lara went by with a glance and a smirk—and she and her people ghosted out into the shadows as our vanguard.

			The White Council emerged last, Ebenezar, Listens-to-Wind, and Cristos backed up by Ramirez and his squad, all in grey cloaks now, staves in hand, weapons strapped, ready for action. The old man headed straight for me and I rose to meet them.

			“Okay, Hoss,” he said. “Remember we’ve got three positions between here and the lake?”

			“Yeah,” I said.

			“Well, we’re heading for the opening between the northernmost two,” he said. “And Etri and his people, along with the Summer Lady and the rest of her gang, are heading for the gap on the south side. The idea is to force the Fomor to a stop so that they have to bring up their heavy troops if they want to advance.”

			I frowned. “I thought the idea was to wait until Ethniu revealed herself.”

			The old man grimaced. “If we don’t stop the advance,” he said, “the battle won’t get that far. It won’t need to. She’ll have won already.” He shook his head. “We have to force her to use the Eye to get through us.”

			“If they’ve got that many troops,” I said, “why should she? She can just grind us away.”

			“She doesn’t have time,” the old man said, his eyes glinting. “Mortal emergency response systems are already in motion. The National Guard is already mobilizing and on its way. They’ve got to bring up heavy equipment to clear the roads so they can get through, but they’ll be here by dawn. Maybe sooner.”

			“So,” I clarified, finding myself grinning irrationally, “we’re going to charge into the meat grinder as fast as we can to force her to hit us as hard as she can, and then hope that we can punch her lights out before the army gets here and starts killing everybody in sight.”

			“We . . .” Ebenezar sighed. “Aye, fair enough.”

			“Yippee,” I said. “That sounds like fun.”

			“Heh,” rumbled River Shoulders. “Heh, heh, heh.”

			The White Council suddenly looked very cautious to be standing in the proximity of the Sasquatch’s rumbling laugh.

			“Well,” I said to River Shoulders. “Shall we?”

			My grandfather lifted his eyebrows.

			“Sure,” River Shoulders said, and climbed to his feet, lightly for all his enormity. “Be good fun. Bigfoot versus octokongs.”

			“What?” asked Cristos, his handsome face confused.

			“You heard him,” I said. “Let’s go.”





Chapter





Eleven



So we moved out, into the smoke and the dark and the chaos, and the enemy did what the enemy always does. They showed up without calling ahead and screwed with our nice plan.

			We’d marched down to Montrose and turned east, heading down the streets at a trot. I found myself moving next to Ramirez, who grimaced and clenched his jaw and kept the pace with silent, pained determination until we got to Welles Park. The darkened buildings and looming shadows of the park could hold hundreds of enemies. We pulled up to wait for a moment while Lara’s people swept the place.

			Ramirez found a bench and eased onto it, gasping. I knelt next to him. We watched as people fleeing the chaos between here and the lake paced silently past us, eyes wide and haunted. They crossed to the other side of the street as they approached and realized that we were a large, armed group. I didn’t blame them. There was a goddamned Bigfoot standing on the corner, apparently examining a crosswalk pedestrian button in fascination.

			Chandler, Wild Bill, and Yoshimo joined us as a factor of natural gravity, and I watched Ramirez will the pain and weariness away before he addressed them.

			“So,” Ramirez said, without pausing, “the enemy’s northern arm came ashore at Montrose Beach. Lara’s mercenaries are to the north of us in Uptown. They were holding the line at Lake Shore Drive but they got pushed back to Sheridan. Marcone’s people are down south of us and they’re dug in around Wrigley. They’re holding. That’s funneling the enemy right into the space in the middle as they try to get around them. McCoy and the Senior Council are going to go stop them from doing that, and we’re going to swat any flies that bother them while they do.”

			“How’s your leg there, boss?” Wild Bill asked casually.

			“I can’t feel it,” Ramirez lied. “It’ll last the night.”

			“You are hurt,” Yoshimo said. That she had spoken at all was remarkable. Her Latin was flawless, her English only so-so, and she wasn’t the chatty type. “It is not appropriate for you to be entering battle.”

			“It is not ideal,” Ramirez agreed, still struggling to control his breathing. “But we need every hand on this one.”

			“If this don’t go so good and we have to skedaddle,” Wild Bill said, “you’re gonna be a little slow, Pancho. It could get dicey.”

			That was putting it mildly. Come time to run from a battle, the slow and wounded die. That’s just how it works.

			Ramirez just looked at Wild Bill, and said, with weary amusement, “I’m Spanish, not Mexican. You damned Texan.”

			Wild Bill put a hand on Ramirez’s shoulder and flashed him a wolfish grin.

			River Shoulders came over and dropped to his haunches next to me. That put him on an eye level with Chandler, standing. The dapper Brit eyed the Sasquatch with a bland expression and did not flinch. Much.

			“How do you do?” rumbled River Shoulders.

			“Well, thank you,” said Chandler, with the flawless, reflexive courtesy you only get from a finishing school. “I understand you and Harry have worked together before?”

			“Nah,” River Shoulders said. “He come and bailed me out a few times when I needed help.” He grinned. His teeth were very white. They stood out against the spatters of dark blood still on his fur. “But we did some good work tonight.”

			Chandler was too refined to take an intimidated step back. But he leaned.

			I had just retied one of my shoes when the order came back down the line from Ebenezar, who seemed to have de facto command of the group. Time to move ahead. I had just gotten moving again when there was a flash of violet light that streaked down the road, swept high over the group’s line, and plunged down toward me.

			“My lord!” piped Major General Toot-Toot. The little fae came to a wavering hover in the air before me and saluted, grinning fiercely at me. “There is knavery afoot!”

			“Talk to me, Major General,” I said, even as I broke into a jog to keep pace.

			“We didn’t see them until they got there! The foe has sneakily snucked a sneak attack behind our lines, like a sneaky sneak!”

			“What kind of sneak attack?”

			“The sneaky kind!” Toot-Toot shouted. “They used veils and got around behind the lines and now they’re in the park, and they are Up To Something!”

			I frowned. “What park?”

			“Up ahead!” Toot-Toot said. “On this road! You’ll go right past it!”

			My already quivery stomach got cold.

			“Toot,” I said, thinking furiously and drawing out the word. “That’s . . . not a park. That’s Graceland Cemetery.”

			And, dimly over the sound of all the footsteps in motion, I heard the thrumming thud of a large drum in the distance.

			My eyes widened.

			Hell’s bells.

			I broke out of line and sprinted ahead until I reached the old man’s side. “Hey,” I said. “You hear that?”

			Ebenezar glanced at me, frowning, but then turned his attention to the distance. “War drum?”

			“No,” I said grimly. “That’s coming from Chicago’s most notorious graveyard. Toot says they slipped in under veils.”

			“Necromancy,” he spat. “Stars and stones. How many zombies could they get out of it?”

			“About fifty hectares’ worth of zombies?” I said, a little exasperated. “A lot. And they’d swarm Marcone’s people in minutes.”

			The old man snarled. Necromancy is the gift that keeps on giving. The same spell that animated corpses could be expanded to sweep up freshly made bodies as well. New corpses weren’t as good for the work, but they’d be more than a match for the citizenry. It would mean death in a geometric progression.

			The old man scowled furiously for maybe half a minute. I let him think. It’s important to think when things are going crazy, if you want to take the smartest action to get them sane again.

			“Okay, Hoss,” he said heavily. “We don’t know how strong these practitioners are. But we know what’s going to happen to our allies if we don’t support them. So I’m taking the big guns ahead to relieve the pressure on the troops.”

			“Got it,” I said.

			He spoke in the slightly heavy tones of someone who is thinking through a problem as he speaks about it. “Practitioners means the Council needs to counter them. You’ve fought necromancers before. You’ve fought in that graveyard before. You’re the best person here for the work.” He grimaced and spat. “Dammit. You’ve got the job.”

			“Okay,” I said.

			“Take the Wardens and the Sasquatch.”

			There was a huge fluttering sound, and I let out a little shriek and flinched, and it took me a second to sort out that an absolutely enormous, shaggy old raven had swooped down and landed firmly on my shoulder.

			“Um,” I said.

			“Caw,” said the raven.

			Ebenezar scowled. “You are just damned useless in a military situation,” he said to the raven. “No discipline at all.”

			“Redneck!” cried the raven. “Caw!”

			Ebenezar waved a grumpy hand at the raven. “Fine. Take the Indian, too. Silence that drum.” He put a hand on my arm and met my eyes. “Hoss. Do not pull your punches tonight.”

			“That’s always been my biggest problem,” I said, spreading my hands. “All this restraint.”

			I broke away from him and dropped back to the rear, where Ramirez was laboring along while the other Wardens flanked him and kept worried expressions when he wasn’t looking.

			“Okay, kids,” I said. “We’ve got problems.”

			I explained the situation.

			“Yes!” Wild Bill said. “Necromancers!”

			I eyed him. “Seriously?”

			“I like shooting zombies,” he drawled. “That’s all. I got a patch and everything.”

			“Well, the idea is to stop them before they get the zombie horde rolling,” I said.

			“Aw,” he said, disappointed, “that ain’t half as much fun.”

			“Dammit, Bill.”

			“Yeah, yeah,” he said. “We’ll get it done.”

			“River,” I said.

			The Sasquatch nodded. “Can’t stand necromancers. Make the earth scream.”

			“We gotta move fast.” I nodded at Ramirez and winced. “Sorry about this, man.”

			Carlos looked from me to the Bigfoot. He was having enough trouble keeping up that he spoke in a gasp. “Dammit. Do it.”

			“Give him a hand?” I asked River.

			The Sasquatch promptly scooped Ramirez up. He could carry the man sitting on his palm under one arm with no more effort than a farmwife toting a basket of eggs.

			The raven on my shoulder squawked and took off into the night air.

			“All right, Toot,” I said. “Show me.”



* * *



			* * *

			Graceland is, in many ways, Chicago’s memory. The graves there mark the resting places of titans of industry, holy men, gangsters, politicians, near saints, and madmen and murderers. Tales of tragedy, of vast hubris, of bitter greed and steadfast love, are represented in the markers that stand over the graves of thousands. Statuary, mausoleums, even a small replica of an ancient Greek temple stand in stately silence over the lush green grass.

			And yet the walls around the cemetery are there for a reason. The shades of many of those folk walk the graveyard at night and are the source of thousands of whispered tales that make skin creep and flesh crawl.

			I’d been one of them once. I had a grave waiting for me in Graceland, kept open by force of whatever contract a deceased foe had prepared for me.

			There was no time to go around to the gates. We went over the wall of rough stone behind a large mausoleum and gathered in the sheltering darkness behind it. Toot descended to the ground, something I’d seen him do only occasionally, and the aura of light around him dimmed and went out.

			“This way, my lord!” Toot rasped in a low, dramatic tone. “They are near Inez’s statue.”

			I grunted. The statue was a local legend. It went missing from time to time, and it came back just as mysteriously. There were often sightings of a little girl in Victorian dress skipping among the headstones when the statue was gone. And I knew it had once been used as a conduit by Queen Mab, when her physical form had been busy keeping mine alive, just as the spirit of Demonreach had inhabited a statue of Death that dwelt not far away.

			Graceland is the repository of Chicago’s greatest dreams and darkest nightmares. There is a power there, dark and potent—and I could feel it stirring and swirling in the air, like oil being heated over a fire and becoming steadily more liquid, quicker to move, to shape. The sound of the drum continued, a stalwart tempo. It would do a lot to mask the sounds of our approach, especially if we stepped in time to the beat.

			I dropped low and followed Toot into the darkness among the tombstones. I knew the place well enough to get around generally. Toot led me to a position a little uphill from Inez’s spot, and I stepped on one headstone to belly crawl up onto a mausoleum and peer ahead.

			Spread in a circle near Inez’s grave were seven cloaked figures, speaking in whispering voices in a breathy chant. One of them held a large drum on a shoulder strap and steadily struck it with a thick-headed drumstick in one hand. From there, I could sense the power of the circle around them, but they were making an effort to work magical forces without any sloppy inefficiencies of energy transfer, which generally manifested themselves as visible light. This was a stealthy working.

			There was a lump on the ground in the center of the circle. I couldn’t see who it was, but it was human-shaped, if you allowed for some ropes for immobility. A human sacrifice, doubtless, for the ceremony’s finale. It remained the single most effective way to turbocharge black magic.

			Hell’s bells. Seven necromancers could wreck Chicago all by themselves. Four of them nearly had done it, once. Five, if you counted me, which I didn’t, even though my entry in that evening’s animation festival had taken best in show. I could feel the intensity of the working they had underway. I didn’t know who they were, but they were pros. If they were allowed to finish, they could wreck the town without the help of any army of improbably conceived monsters.

			And if Toot and his people hadn’t warned me, we would never have seen it coming. I wonder what it says about me that pizza has been one of the better long-term investments in my career.

			I slipped back down and away, unseen by the baddies. I returned to my allies and spoke in harsh, quick terms. “Seven. Six casters and a drummer. Cloaked, dark. I don’t know who or what they are. They’re with the Fomor, so they’re probably bad-guy leftovers from somewhere. They’re in a circle. They’ve got a prisoner.”

			River Shoulders growled. It was a sound so low that I couldn’t hear it so much as feel it vibrating the bones of my skull. “Where you want me?”

			“No time to get fancy,” I said. “Get behind them. You get two minutes. Then we’ll go right at them from this side, make plenty of noise, and draw their fire. Once we have their attention, you get in, get their sacrifice out. Then . . .” I brought my hands together in a silent clap.

			“Simple is good,” River Shoulders said.

			Then he gave himself a little shake, bounded maybe four feet into the air off one massive foot, shimmered, and turned into a goddamned owl with a wingspan as long as a freaking car. The massive owl glided out over the tombstones, arcing to one side, and vanished into the night.

			“Jesus Remington Winchester Christ,” Wild Bill blurted in a strangled voice. “He’s a wizard?”

			“Yeah,” I said. “Taught old Listens-to-Wind, the way I hear it.”

			“Huh,” Bill said. “Now, that just ain’t fair.”

			“Don’t complain. He’s on our side.”

			“I’ll take two,” Wild Bill said.

			I’d been counting in my head. When I got to a hundred, I said, “Okay, folks. Just like the old days. Chandler, you know the drill?”

			“I may have been in the field once or twice,” Chandler said.

			“Groovy.”

			The team of young Wardens stacked up behind me, walking in close order, hands on shoulders in the dark to guide one another, and I headed out.

			Warden fire teams work much like any soldiers. Any one of us can put out enough firepower to kill every one of us if we’re careless or stupid, and working together means developing trust and respect in one another’s skills. I’d go first and make the call about when the fight started. If necessary, my shield would cover the entire team—who could then fan out, Hydra-like, and take out the source of any threat.

			Granted, if I stepped on a land mine or something on the way there, we were all dead together. But that wasn’t how most supernatural types tended to think.

			I took long, striding steps in time with the drum, and as we approached the necromancers’ position, I felt Ramirez’s veil wrap us in a cloak of less-than-visibility. Yoshimo did something to the air that made us less-than-audible. They’d cover us until we got into place.

			Wild Bill whispered something to the lever-action rifle he carried instead of a staff these days and plucked a rune-inscribed brass shell from his belt and slid it carefully into the rifle’s loading port before closing the action with a cautious, precise movement. My leather coat creaked, and I sweltered in the summer heat, within its smothering protection.

			My shield was by far the noisiest and most obvious active spell we had among us, magically speaking, and would be the last to go up. I waited until we rounded the corner of the last mausoleum blocking our line of sight to shake out the bracelet and ready my defenses.

			But first things first. We had two major problems to overcome.

			One, the bad guys were standing inside a ritual circle. We could throw as much power as we wanted at them—it would splash uselessly on that thing until someone took the circle down. So we’d have to do that before we could really come to grips with them.

			Second, if you want to control the dead, you’ve got to drop a beat on them. End that beat, end any possibility of summoning and controlling the undead. I drew my revolver, with its boring old regular, entirely mundane rounds, stepped around the corner, and raised the pistol, sighting on the drummer.

			Swear to God, on a normal day, I barely shoot competently. But with the Winter mantle guiding my hand, I lifted my arm and made a one-handed shot in the dark at maybe twenty yards that drilled the drummer in the back with a thunderous report.

			Two things happened immediately.

			First, the round passing through the plane of the circle, sent there by my hand and will, disrupted the essential magical screen of the ritual circle. Stealthy the working might have been, but nothing works right when it’s falling to pieces, and it shattered away in flickers and shards of scarlet light.

			Second, the round tore right through where the drummer’s liver should have been.

			The hooded head whipped around, owl-like, nearly one hundred and eighty degrees, with such unnatural speed that the hood was flung back.

			In the scarlet light of the disintegrating circle, I could see a ruined, desiccated face. The skin was drawn tight over the bones of the drummer’s face, withered and weathered like a corpse exposed to the sky. The eyes were milky white; the lips were leathery strips of jerky partly covering yellowed old teeth. Hair hung on to the scalp in clumps of soiled tangles, but much of it was bald and grey-white.

			A vampire of the Black Court. And I knew her.

			“Mavra of the Black Court!” I snarled. “You got a permit for raising zombies in my town?”

			“Oh,” Mavra said. Her body turned to match the facing of her head, the motion weirdly liquid and mechanical at the same time. “It’s you.”

			Five of the other six figures turned to face us, hoods coming down.

			Black Court vampires. All of them. I didn’t recognize any of the others—but it seemed pretty clear that Mavra, as the drummer, was the least among them. The Black Court had been all but exterminated, thanks to a really underhanded move by Lara’s people a century and change back. The only ones who were still alive—well, who continued to exist—were the oldest, wiliest, most vicious, and most powerful of their kind.

			These vampires were old-school, the real deal, nightmares of the Old World. A Black Court vampire was a match for any dozen counterparts in the Red or White Court.

			And we had seven of them.

			“My lord,” Mavra said. “May I suggest violence.”

			The last and tallest of the hooded figures straightened his shoulders, turned, and lowered his hood with one hand. In the other, he held a ritual athame, an ancient knife of rough iron. He stood over the bound figure on the ground. His face was not like those of the other vampires present. No rotted corpse he; his face had the severe, angular regularity of a marble statue’s, beautiful in the severe fashion of frozen mountains and crackling ice. Thick black hair swept back from his face and down his back. His hands were long and white, the fingers fine like an artist’s.

			But his eyes.

			Dark.

			Black.

			Empty as the soul of hell.

			I had just looked toward them, and they’d nearly sucked me in. Hell’s bells. I shored up my mental defenses with as much focus as I dared spare from my environment and kept my eyes away from his face.

			“So,” he said. His voice was . . . pure, smooth whiskey, touched with a soft, throaty accent. “This is the city’s wizard.”

			“I’m in the phone book and everything,” I said. “In the name of the city of Chicago, and by the authority of Cook County and the state of Illinois,” I said, loudly, hoping to give River that much more of a distraction, “I order you to cease any and all supernatural activity and return forthwith to your place of origin or to the next convenient parallel dimension.”

			Ramirez choked.

			“Welp,” Wild Bill drawled. “That oughta do it. Thanks, Harry.”

			“Who is that?” breathed Yoshimo.

			“That,” said Chandler in a low, shaking voice, “is Drakul.”

			Okay.

			My eyes might have gotten a little wider.

			I might have had trouble swallowing.

			“Oh boy,” I breathed.

			And Drakul smiled, as if genuinely delighted, and said, “Wise enough to know, but not wise enough to run. Wizards. Arrogant. Take them, my children.”





Chapter





Twelve



Elders of the Black Court do not screw around.

			Before Drakul had entirely finished his sentence, the air sizzled and spat with magical energy, as five elders of the Black Court unleashed a tsunami of sorcery.

			I lifted my shield bracelet and stepped forward to meet it.

			Once upon a time, that gesture would have been futile. Defensive shields were a fairly standard working of magic, but they had limits. The more kinds of energy you want to defend against, the more layers of shielding it takes—and the more power you have to put into it. Back when, my shield had been handy for stopping objects that were moving very quickly and not much more.

			But times had changed. I was older now. I’d learned lessons the hard way and had the scars to prove it.

			So five heavyweights hit me all at once: A couple of lances of white-hot energy, a sputtering globule of some kind of horrible-smelling acid, a crackling bolt of lightning, and what looked like a ghostly tentacle made of translucent green mist hit the shield like five separate speeding automobiles. My rough shield bracelet dribbled green-gold sparks and grew uncomfortably hot in seconds. The shield itself flared out in a quarter dome of blue-white, nearly coherent light, a barrier of raw, stubborn will.

			Maybe if it had happened somewhere else, at a different time, I might not have been able to stop them all. Maybe if it had just been me, it would have gone badly. But tonight, my city was under siege. Tonight, millions of terrified people were going to die unless they got help from people like me. Tonight, their fear rode the air, an inflammable mist that only needed a magical spark to roar into reality.

			Tonight, Chicago fought for its life.

			And my shield held against them all. Though it scorched my wrist, though my feet were driven six inches back across the green grass, I stopped them.

			All of them.

			Meanwhile, my companions had not been standing around with their fingers up their anatomies. Yoshimo’s arms swept out and whirled in circles, and within a second she sent a slender column of whirling air arching up over my shield and down among the Black Court. When the white column touched the earth, it roared up into a whirling dervish of dirt and flying grass, blinding the foe and disrupting their evocations.

			Ramirez’s hand came down on my shoulder and he said, “Now!”

			I dropped the shield.

			Now, don’t get me wrong. What the elders of the Black Court had dished out at us was enough energy to put us all in the ground and then some. But on the White Council, we call people with talent like that “sorcerers.” And we sneer when we say it, for a reason. Yeah, maybe they can throw the raw magical strength around. But magic is about a hell of a lot more than simply power—and though they might have been young, the people backing me up were wizards of the White Council, and each and every one of them had cut their teeth on war.

			I checked over my shoulder to see Chandler standing calmly with both hands planted on the handle of his cane. A dozen stones the size of my head floated in a small cloud around his shoulders, and as my shield came down, the stones began to leap forward as if fired from a cannon, hissing toward their targets. Not to be outdone, Wild Bill murmured something to his old lever-action rifle and the old steel of the weapon suddenly pulsed with threads of scarlet fire in the shape of some kind of primitive pictograms. As my shield dropped, he raised the rifle to his shoulder, sighted on the nearest vampire, and with a word sent a rod of semisolid fire the thickness of my wrist right through the vampire’s belly and one of the huge headstones behind it alike, splitting the air with the thunder of sundered stone.

			The vampire let out a scream that ripped and slashed the air it passed through and . . . was apparently pulled back and away from us by some unseen, horribly fast force.

			Ramirez cast a beam of pale light at the vampire whose strike had gone all hentai on us. That one was a large male, or what was left of one, and he swung both arms dramatically and sent his ghostly tentacle smashing into Ramirez’s disintegration ray. The collision of forces was enough to turn the whole thing into a thrashing mess that spewed ectoplasm in every direction.

			Two of the vampires who might have been twins, or similarly sized siblings, before all the decay had set in, blurred and became a pair of great, greasy-furred grey wolves the size of ponies. Both shot in opposite directions in great, bounding leaps.

			“Flankers!” I shouted. “Yoshimo, Bill!”

			Yoshimo bounded a step into the air and the wind itself seemed to gather beneath her feet and springboard her with silent grace to the top of the nearest mausoleum. She began to bound in twenty-foot steps, her toes barely coming down to touch the tops of grave markers, statues, and marble tombs, moving as if weightless to intercept one of the great wolves.

			Bill immediately swung away from his target—a move that took no small amount of discipline—to begin tracking the second wolf with his rifle as it swung wide around us, a flicker among the smoke and shadows. Bill was an old-school shooter. He welded his cheek to the stock of the weapon, sighting carefully, and went almost entirely still as the barrel tracked the enemy and Wild Bill waited for his shot.

			I was keeping my eyes on Drakul.

			The pale figure watched the fight with keen interest, eyes like a pair of black holes, drawing in everything and giving nothing in return. He watched the opening exchange with the interest of a general observing children at chess, lips pursed thoughtfully. Then he took a step to the left and . . .

			. . . and just freaking vanished. I don’t mean that he went behind a veil, or teleported, or opened a portal to the Nevernever. I can do those things, if I have to. This guy took a step and just up and up went away, as if stepping behind a telephone pole and never appearing on the other side. Gone. Just gone.

			Except that in this case, “gone” turned out to be six inches behind me.

			My ears suddenly twinged hard, like when the pressure shifts in an airplane, and the empty space behind me wasn’t empty anymore. I whirled, drawing my revolver, raising it—

			—too late. Drakul caught the weapon’s barrel in the pale fingers of one hand and simply crushed it shut.

			His other arm swept out and clubbed Ramirez into a tombstone and to the ground as if Drakul’s flesh had been made from cold, heavy marble. Drakul whirled toward Wild Bill, who flung himself into an evasive dive without ever looking back from his gun. It wouldn’t have been fast enough to save him, except that Chandler sent a quick trio of stones zipping into Drakul’s kidneys, wham, pow, crunch, with each stone exploding into gravel from the force of its impact.

			Drakul turned to Chandler, muttered a word, and flicked an annoyed wrist.

			The air behind the young Warden split with a howl of frozen wind, and a circle of pitch-black absence of light maybe four feet across appeared behind him. A stone seemed to turn beneath his foot. Chandler’s balance wavered and he stumbled a step back, into the circle.

			The air somehow unscreamed, and the void black circle vanished.

			Chandler went with it.

			Drakul’s black-hole eyes swept back to me, and suddenly I was being crushed to the ground by the weight of the universe itself. The very thought that I could have done something against a power like that was laughable—but I’d felt this kind of raw, universe-bending will before, in Chichén Itzá. Drakul, whatever he was, had considerably more personal power than the Lords of Outer Night had ever managed to show me.

			But I had hoisted those Red Court losers on their own petard, when everything was said and done. I would be damned if I rolled over for Dracula’s less famous dad.

			I ground my teeth and fought back against the power crushing me, not with my muscles but with my mind. I pictured Drakul’s will as a great, dark hand pressing me down—and mine as my own hand, rising to force it away. I poured my will into the image, a couple of decades of discipline, experience, and focus, investing it with power, with reality, with life.

			Gasping, one inch at a time, I lifted my hand until my right palm faced Drakul and steadied. I couldn’t stand—but I got an elbow underneath me and snarled silent defiance up at him, my right hand raised against his power.

			An expression touched Drakul’s face for the first time—a small smile that showed cruelly curved, sharpened canine teeth.

			“Ah,” he said, raising the knife he’d been planning to use for a blood sacrifice. “If only my own heir had been possessed of such determination.”

			It took a lot of concentration to free up enough mental cycles to make word sounds with my mouth, but I wasn’t going to sit there and take it quietly. “Guess you’re Ethniu’s bitch now,” I gasped.

			The smile again. “It cost little enough to support her. Minor squabbles like this are a good place to take stock of the field.”

			“Field?”

			“Oh, wizard,” Drakul chided me. “Their immaculate beardlinesses have you in the dark even now? As one starborn to another, I must say it seems unseemly in the extreme.”

			I stared at him hard. “What does it mean?”

			Drakul’s smile widened into something genuinely merry. Except for those empty eyes. Any expression that had those eyes in it could be nothing but a mask. “You’ll never value information that comes to you easily.”

			“Thanks, Dad.”

			Something ugly flickered in that smile for a few beats. Then Drakul shook his head. “I would tell you to ask of your own White Council what they aren’t telling you, what they bred you for, and what they expect you to do.” He considered. “Well. Except that it seems unlikely you’ll have the chance on this side of the veil, I’m afraid.”

			“Chump like you?” I gasped. “Tonight, you’re the warm-up act.”

			Drakul regarded me for a second. Then he made an exasperated little sound and put one hand on his hip. “I’ll be open with you, starborn. At this point of conversations like this one, I often offer the dark gift of immortality to someone in your position. It’s occasionally a way to obtain a useful tool, but mostly I just want to see how they react. One sees people for who they truly are when they face death . . . but, honestly, five minutes of you in my life has been quite enough. You’ve no . . . gravitas. No decorum. No style at all.” He knelt over me and lifted the knife toward my throat. “But I suppose your blood will call to the dead as well as anyone’s.”

			“Knock-knock,” I said.

			Drakul frowned down at me and arched an eyebrow.

			“Oh, come on,” I said. “Here I am facing death and telling you a knock-knock joke. Why would I do such a thing?” I gave him the best grin I could while clenching my teeth. “Eternity is a long time to wonder about a punch line. Knock-knock.”

			“Who,” said Drakul, in his mellifluous accent, his eyes narrowed, “is there?”

			“Thousand-pound gorilla,” I rasped.

			“Thousand-pound gorilla who?” asked Drakul.

			And River Shoulders roared and hit him with a twelve-foot-long concrete obelisk.

			One second, Drakul loomed over me. The next there was an enormous sound and an explosion of shattering concrete that left half a dozen little cuts on my face, and Drakul was nowhere to be seen. The weight vanished from me so abruptly that for a second I thought I was levitating off the ground. I was suddenly dizzy, and my vision narrowed to a tunnel.

			“Now, that,” I gasped, “is comedy.”

			River Shoulders roared and bounded after Drakul, jumping with all four limbs.

			Drakul, for his part, tumbled calmly, and if his shoes had cost more than some vehicles I had driven, they held up well enough as he dug them into the grass to arrest his momentum and bring himself to a controlled halt among tumbling fragments of concrete. He was wearing, I kid you not, a tuxedo under the long black cloak.

			And he looked annoyed.

			River Shoulders lowered his shoulder to slam into Drakul, but the big guy might as well have been trying to ram water. Drakul took a step and vanished, out from in front of the charging Sasquatch and to one side—where he crouched and swept his arm out at shin height to the Sasquatch, catching River Shoulders’ enormous leg in the crook of his elbow and arresting its momentum as Drakul rose to his feet. The Sasquatch went forward in a sprawl, which he could not turn into a controlled roll before crashing through two enormous side-by-side tombstones.

			River Shoulders began to rise and then sank back to the earth with a groan.

			Hell’s bells.

			Drakul turned toward River Shoulders with his knife, and I saw what was coming in my head as clearly and sharply as if I was remembering it. The Forest People aren’t exactly wizards. They just sort of live their lives so steeped in the world of magic that they just do it, the way a fish swims or a bird flies. Their aura of life energy is especially dense and potent, constantly absorbing power from the natural world around them.

			Which would make the big guy a great big tank of nitrous for Drakul’s necromantic summoning, if the master of the Black Court could spill River’s blood to fuel the spell.

			I grabbed my staff and brought it to bear, feeling the seething energy stored within its runes and sigils vibrate to life. The staff began to glow with green-gold light, even as I reached out to a portion of the energy stored within it, stirring it, urging it to glow even more brightly. I wanted him to see this one coming.

			“Hey!” I shouted. “You! Ugly!”

			Yeah, yeah. Not my best insult work. But you know. It’s the thought that counts.

			Drakul turned to look at me and froze for a second as if in surprise, presenting a fleeting instant of vulnerability.

			“Forzare!” I shouted.

			As I began the word, Drakul took a step to one side and vanished.

