			Maybe that’s as close to being protective as Winter gets. But it was hard and cold and real.

			The Winter Knight doesn’t so much lead Winter’s troops as command them as he would any other weapon in his grasp.

			I sent the malks out in a circular screen around us. I wanted to know when the enemy got close, and the little killers were as silent and swift as any wraith.

			Murphy was demonstrating to a group of volunteers how to load a shotgun. It’s not real complicated. When it comes to firearms, shotguns are about as basic as it gets. She finished showing a number of drawn, determined faces how to handle the weapon.

			“For what we’re doing,” she said to the volunteers, “you’ve got about the best weapon you can reasonably get. It’ll shoot farther than you can see, and it will be hard to miss. Tuck it in tight to your shoulder and aim down the barrel. You have four rules. Never point your weapon at anything you don’t want dead. Know your target so you don’t shoot your neighbor. Know what’s behind your target so you don’t shoot your neighbor by accident. And for God’s sake, keep your finger off the damned trigger until you’ve followed rules one through three.” She held up her right forefinger. “You put this on the trigger, assume you are a deadly weapon and a threat to anything you’re facing, period. Clear?”

			There was a round of murmured affirmatives.

			I walked up behind her and said, “I need your advice.”

			Murphy passed a shotgun to a nervous volunteer, a young man who said, “That’s all we get?”

			“Plenty of soldiers have gotten less,” I said to him. “You want to run, head west. The enemy is coming in from all around us everywhere else.”

			The kid swallowed, nodded, and carefully kept his finger off the trigger.

			Murphy clapped him on the shoulder, and then we turned to walk a little distance away.

			“What do I do?” I asked her quietly. “How do I arrange this so that I don’t get all these people killed?”

			“Trust Sanya,” she said frankly. “He’s had some military experience. Neither of us does. That’s the best we’ve got.”

			I looked over to where the Russian was talking to some guys in uniforms, laughing, his deep voice, the laughter itself, clear and somehow silvery. The air around him seemed less hazy than elsewhere, and I could read the faces of the people around him well enough to see that the Knight of the Sword’s presence was combating the supernatural fear and frenzy in the air around them. They . . . just looked more like people, when they stood near Sanya.

			“Right,” I said.

			I walked forward to stand next to Sanya, cleared my throat, and spoke out in what I hoped was a clear, firm voice. “All right, people. Gather in.”

			They did. I was tall enough for everyone to see. Hadn’t ever really occurred to me why everyone thought military leaders should be tall. It simply offered a small practical advantage, for much of humanity’s history.

			They could see my face, my eyes. They could see me.

			“This city has gone to hell in a handbasket,” I declared. “And then a bunch of monsters showed up.”

			There was a rumble of nervous laughter. Chicagoans love their city, but they also have few illusions about how screwed up it can be. They live here.

			“I know you’re scared,” I said. “I know you’ve all . . . seen things that nobody should have to see.” I pushed the image of that damned crib out of my head. “I know you don’t know who I am, and this is all weird. So, let me introduce myself. My name is Harry Dresden. I’m a wizard of the White Council. And I mean to fight to the death to defend this town.”

			“What?” came an incredulous voice from the crowd. “You think you’re a what?”

			I turned to that voice, identified the speaker through my link to the banner, and strode directly toward him. People got out of my way. He was a skinny guy, late thirties, holding a hunting rifle. He drew back half a pace, apprehensively, as I approached.

			“What’s your name, man?” I asked.

			“Uh . . . it’s Randy.”

			“Okay, Randy. I’m only going to do this once.”

			I dropped my staff on the ground, held up my hands in front of me, palms facing each other, drew in a whisper of will, and murmured, “Eggus Chennus.”

			Green-gold lightning, not a ton of it, exploded from my palms, forming a current of energy that snapped and crackled in the sultry summer air, contained within the space between my hands.

			I had thought through the spell before, but I’d never really tried it. It worked pretty well—except that rather than just going away, the power was cycling up one arm, around my shoulders, down the other arm, and then out between my hands again. It was a cycle that fed upon itself, and between that and the power-laden air of the terrified city, the energy built a whole hell of a lot faster than I would have liked. It had to go somewhere.

			I picked a tree and unleashed a stroke of green lightning that smashed into the trunk about five feet up and brought the tree crashing down. It started burning with green flame, green flame—all hell was breaking loose. I could only attribute that to the breakdown in reality that Bob had warned me about.

			My volunteers had fallen silent.

			Randy looked like he’d swallowed multiple bugs.

			“Wizard,” I reiterated. “Any questions?”

			“Are you on our side?” Randy asked.

			“If you’re here to defend the innocent, damned skippy I’m on your side,” I said. I grabbed his shoulder and squeezed a little. Then I turned to look at everyone else.

			“The monsters are coming,” I said. “And they’ll kill everyone in this town if they can. Unless we kill them first.”

			The crowd let out a sound that was a lot like a hungry growl.

			I found myself smiling, more and more widely. Yeah, the world was full of monsters and demons. But it was a human world. It was our world because we were the cleverest, most resourceful, and most dangerous things in it. Maybe my little army wasn’t the most martial representation of humanity, but people fighting for their homes had, historically, done incredible things.

			Time for history to repeat itself.

			“Sanya, raise your hand.”

			He did.

			“This is Sanya. He’s a Knight. He fights monsters for a living and he knows what he’s talking about. Sanya is your commander. Sanya . . . hey, where the hell did you get a freaking Kalashnikov?”

			Sanya shouldered his rifle by its strap, grinning. “Found it.”

			I waved a hand at him. “Whatever. Take charge, man.”

			“Da,” Sanya said, and raised his voice to a bellow. “Hello. First of all, da, I am Russian. Cope. Second, you see these men and women in uniforms? Easy to recognize even in haze, da? They are your officers. I will make groups of about thirty. Each group get one officer. Officer tell you what to do, you do it.”

			Sanya turned to the uniformed men and women. “You guys get to give one of three orders. Stand, retreat, and follow me. Keep it simple. Communications in battle are hard, even for professionals.”

			There was a round of nods. The military folks looked grim. They knew what a clusterfuck they were about to march into. And I knew about how hard it is to convey even simple ideas in a fight. We’d be lucky if the volunteers could follow even those limited orders reliably.

			Sanya turned back to the crowd. “Everywhere we go tonight, assume that you have orders to kill the enemy on sight. If standing, and enemy comes, kill enemy. If retreating, kill enemy. If following officer and enemy comes, kill enemy.” Sanya considered. “Basically tonight we are always killing enemy.”

			Another laugh at that. But he was playing to an easy room. People who are scared need to laugh, and the scarier things are, the more they need it.

			“Okay!” Sanya called. “Officers will divide you into groups! Everyone keep quiet so you can hear them!”

			Sanya and his officers started getting them sorted out.

			I shivered a little and stepped over to one side, where I could close my eyes for a second and try to process everything that was happening.

			I felt Murphy come up behind me and then lean against me. I leaned back.

			“This is going to be ugly, isn’t it,” I said quietly.

			“Yes,” Murphy said simply. “Just remember whose fault it is.”

			There was a horrible shrieking sound, and the haze flared red. This time, I could hear the building falling again.

			Ethniu was walking straight down Lake Shore, knocking down buildings like a kid kicking over anthills. She was coming for Mab.

			Who was in essence using herself as bait to keep the Titan from noticing me.

			I found Murphy’s hand and squeezed gently. “What’s going to happen after this, do you think?”

			“I don’t,” she said. “Because I’m doing today first.”

			I snorted quietly.

			Murphy squeezed back. “Harry. You can’t fix tomorrow until it gets here.”

			“Which is weird, because you can screw it up from decades away.”

			I heard her laugh gently. “I got used to weird. It’s not so bad.”

			“Flattery is unworthy of you,” I said.

			“It’s definitely unworthy of one of us.”

			I opened my mouth to fire back like Sir Benedic would have wanted me to, but instead I had to deal with a sudden harsh, twisting feline voice radiating through my skull.

			Sir Knight, mewled the unsettling voice of a malk, this is Grimalkin.

			Right. Grimalkin was Mab’s . . . personal aide, in some ways. He was an Elder of the malks, which meant he was bigger and stronger and meaner than most, and had access to a number of powers, foremost of which was the ability to creep me out with his damned weird voice.

			The enemy comes from the north, Sir Knight. I am also advised, by this irritating pixie, to inform you that there is a still-occupied child-care center in its path with a number of young mortals inside.

			I clenched my jaw so hard that I chipped a tooth.

			I looked around. Sanya was ordering the volunteers, but it would take time for him to get it done. If I shouted, “Follow me!” and started moving, I’d probably just walk them into a meat grinder. Sanya needed more time to get the volunteers organized.

			“Harry?” Murph asked.

			“Get the bike,” I said.

			She swung around and did. “Butters, Alphas, on me,” I barked. “Sanya, incoming from the north. Get them organized first, then bring them after me. I’ll try to slow the Fomor down.”

			“Da, go!” Sanya shouted. He turned and started bawling at the troops in a voice that could have been heard a quarter mile away.

			Murphy rumbled up on her bike, and I swung a leg over. Will and Georgia loped out of the darkness and took up position on one side of the bike, and Andi and Marci took the other. Butters came trotting over. You’d never have guessed the little guy had been galloping all over the damned town all evening, from the spring in his step. I had to give it to him—Butters was never going to be a powerhouse, but the little guy didn’t have an atom of quit anywhere in him.

			From the north, maybe two or three blocks away, I heard the scream of Huntsmen’s spear blasts, and a sudden sonic razor blade of ripping, tearing sound that was the simultaneous war cry of a dozen malks going into battle.

			And then, flattening that sound was the bone-shaking blare of a Jotun’s horn, the same one from before.

			And my stomach fell out. Because shotguns were not going to help against something that big, no matter how many of them we had. They’d only make it mad.

			Hear me, Winter, I thought. Converge on that engagement. Kill anything that tries to harm those children.

			The air was suddenly split with the screams and battle cries of ogres and gnomes, malks and Black Dogs, the wild ululations of a couple of Wyld Sidhe, the strangled moan of a freaking Rawhead, and the chittering screech of some of those damned big spiders that had been such a pain in my ass on several occasions, as they all leapt forward at their fastest pace to find and destroy the enemy.

			Murphy gave me a wide-eyed look, glanced down and back, and then set her jaw.

			“Go!” I shouted.

			The Harley roared.

			And with monsters as our vanguard, off we went to be Jotunslayers.





Chapter





Twenty



We heard the sound of gunfire ahead, a lone pistol firing measured shots. Its defiance sounded thin indeed against the shrieks of the Huntsmen’s spear blasts.

			“Cut the engine,” I said.

			Murphy goosed a little more power out of the throttle and then cut the Harley’s engine. The heavy bike rolled forward almost silently on momentum and we had time to see what was happening.

			A single man defended the doorway of a staircase that led up to the second level. A sign posted beside him read THIRD WATCH CHILD CARE. He wasn’t terribly tall, was almost unbelievably stout, and with a shock I recognized Detective Bradley from Internal Affairs.

			A howling blast from a spear blew an inch of stonework off the doorway next to Bradley, and though chips of stone cut into his scalp, he didn’t flinch as he sighted down the barrel of his service pistol and squeezed off a shot.

			One of the Huntsmen’s heads jerked back and the creature fell to join three others on the ground—and those remaining screamed and swelled in size.

			The slide of the pistol locked back, as the Huntsmen charged the doorway. Bradley calmly discarded the weapon, reached for his ankle, drew his backup, and put three rounds from a little revolver into the lead Huntsman’s chest as it charged.

			The thing staggered and thrust its spear at Bradley. The blocky man slapped the weapon aside with one hand, seized the haft in one thick fist, jammed the pistol up under the Huntsman’s jaw, and emptied the little revolver, sending the thing crashing and thrashing to the ground.

			Bradley, half his face masked in blood, dropped the empty revolver, took up the spear in a grip that showed he knew something about using one, faced the remaining Huntsmen, and screamed, “Come on!”

			They roared back, the cries like a pack of beasts, none of them the same species.

			Five dead Huntsmen. Bradley had picked a good position to fight from, surrounded in stone, slight elevation from the street, good cover. But he was out of ammo now, bleeding, and the remaining Huntsmen would only be that much stronger and more difficult to hurt.

			And still he planted his feet. “Come on, you ugly bastards!”

			“That son of a bitch beat me in every tournament I ever fought him,” Murphy said. “Harry.”

			Winter, I thought. Take the Huntsmen.

			The ogres went in first, simply leaping from adjacent rooftops, huge white-furred things like River Shoulders, if he’d been a smoker since childhood, after a heroin bender. Though lean and seedy-looking, they were still enormous, viciously strong, and unremittingly savage. One of them landed on a Huntsman with a three-story atomic elbow and crushed it with a great crackling of breaking bones. The other landed on a planted spear that went in its chest and burst through its back in a welter of gore and silver flame. The ogre shrieked like a demon as the Huntsman arced the spear to one side and brought the dying Winter fae crashing down to the street.

			Malks yowled like a herd of chain saws and came bounding in from all angles. The Huntsmen’s spears howled and sent some of the murderous beasts to whatever hell waited for them, but there were simply not enough of them to target the streaking forms of the malks. They overbore two of the Huntsmen and buried them in a mound of thick fur and frenzied claws sharper than X-Acto knives. The Huntsmen died screaming.

			Beside them, the troop of gnomes had emerged from an alley and flung a dozen hatchets at another Huntsman, even as it swelled in size and power. The wickedly sharp weapons hit with savage effect, setting the Huntsman staggering, and Black Dogs flashed past, fangs raking, and tore through its hamstrings. Once it was at ground level, the gnomes, chestnut-skinned, white-haired little guys maybe two and a half or three feet high, had no problems reaching its vitals.

			One of the remaining Huntsmen turned to flee—only to confront the Rawhead coming out of the alley. The fae beast, made of the bones of slaughtered animals and foes, was an enormous form under a great black cloak. The cloak flared out, and the bulky body of the Rawhead, made of hundreds of sharpened bones, began to contort and shriek in a sound uncomfortably like that of a meat grinder.

			The Rawhead seized the Huntsman and dragged it beneath its cloak. Its bones rent and tore, where I couldn’t see it, and the Huntsman screamed in fury. And then there was a lot of blood and sausage tumbling out from beneath the Rawhead’s cloak and piling up on the Huntsman’s feet and lower legs.

			The last Huntsman roared, rearing up in size—and the second-largest malk I’d ever seen, the size of a mountain lion but far bulkier, flew like an arrow for the creature’s face. Grimalkin’s forepaws spread out to snowshoe proportions and sprouted two-inch claws that latched into the Huntsman’s face. The Elder malk sank its jaws into one of the Huntsman’s eyes, gripping on like a vise to the orbital bone beneath—and thus braced, the supernaturally powerful, swift cat began to rake with its rear claws.

			In less than a second, the last Huntsman’s throat looked like twenty or thirty pounds of pulled pork soaked in ketchup.

			The Elder malk flung himself aside as the Huntsman, not even yet fully grown into the size of the ones we’d had to kill, dropped limply to the ground, gushing blood like a broken water main. Grimalkin landed not ten feet in front of the Harley, flicked each set of claws once, fastidiously, and said, in that utterly unnerving feline voice, “Sir Knight. Elder Grimalkin, reporting for duty.”

			“Jesus Mary Mother of God,” Murphy breathed.

			Grimalkin flattened his ears and gave Murphy a glower, then turned to me and said, “There are multiple warbands on the adjoining streets. My kin keep them occupied, for now. We are badly outnumbered, Sir Knight. Retreat would be ideal, before—”

			The Jotun’s horn blared. In the haze and among the buildings, it was impossible to tell where it was, other than . . .

			“Close,” Murphy breathed.

			“Before that,” Grimalkin said sourly.

			“Well done, Elder,” I said. “But we’re getting those kids out.”

			The malk growled. “We cannot contest a Jotun, Sir Knight.”

			“Pussy,” Murphy said.

			I blinked at her.

			She smirked. “Too good, couldn’t resist.”

			Grimalkin’s fur bristled and his weight shifted slightly.

			Without breaking her smirk, Murphy swept her pistol out and covered the malk as quick as blinking. “Steel-jacketed rounds tonight, friend,” she advised. “Play nice.”

			Grimalkin growled at Murphy, eyed me, then relaxed as if nothing had happened. He flexed the claws out of his right forepaw and regarded them idly, ignoring Murphy completely.

			She put the gun away and returned the favor. But she never quite let the malk out of her sight.

			They’d get on fine.

			I swung off the bike. Murphy followed. I beckoned Butters and the Alphas. “We’re getting those kids out first,” I said, walking. “Grimalkin, you and Winter keep a corridor open for us, back to the defenses.”

			“We cannot hold it long,” Grimalkin warned me.

			“Do it,” I said over my shoulder. “Go.”

			The Elder malk made a throaty, ugly sound and vanished before it could even complete turning away.

			I came up on the entry to the day-care center stairwwell to find Bradley gripping his spear and standing braced in the doorway, his eyes very, very wide. The spear was already degrading and flaking away. It’d be gone in a few more minutes.

			“Hey, Detective Bradley. It’s, uh, me. Harry Dresden. Remember?”

			The blocky man stared at me. Then he jerked his head in a nod.

			“Murph,” I said.

			She stepped past me, her hands out. “Hey, hey. Brian. You with me, buddy?”

			Bradley stared at her for a second and then lowered the spear a little. “We aren’t buddies, Sergeant. You kind of hate my guts.”

			Murphy looked from the liquefying forms of the slain Huntsmen to Bradley. “That was then. This is now.”

			He blinked. “What the hell are you talking about?” He twitched as the wolves and Butters brought up the rear. “What the hell is happening?”

			“Hi,” Butters said, and waved.

			“Hi?” said Bradley. He blinked. “Doctor Butters?”

			“You know all that stuff I told you in closed session that you thought was bullshit?” Murphy asked.

			“And all that stuff I told you in closed session that you thought was bullshit?” Butters added brightly.

			The blocky detective looked from the dead Huntsmen and the fallen fae back to Murphy and Butters. “Jesus Christ.”

			Bradley handled it pretty well. He got a little whiter around the eyes for a couple of seconds, and then he closed them firmly, set his jaw, and adjusted, visibly.

			“Fuck it, I’ll lose my mind later,” he said, and when he opened his eyes again, he had his cop face on. “I got six kids, a nice old lady, and a Rudolph up there. How do we get them out?”

			“Back to Millennium Park,” I said. “We’re keeping a corridor open. Send them west from there.”

			Shrieks and yowls burst out around us, as Winter launched an attack upon enemy forces. Huntsmen howled, and their spears wailed. In the background, but closer, came the thunder of the Eye claiming another building.

			“Get the kids out now,” Murphy said.

			Bradley tensed his jaw, nodded, dropped the spear, and pounded up the stairway. He paused by the door, flattened himself against a wall, and called, “It’s Bradley,” before he opened it with one hand, staying well clear.

			“Bradley?” came Rudolph’s voice. It was panicky.

			Rudolph had run into monsters a couple of times. Granted, both of those times had been bad. But he’d been like a lot of people who run into the supernatural—he just couldn’t handle it. Maybe that was a personal shortcoming. Or maybe he’d just been born without the capacity to face that kind of terrifying reality. Either way, it made it harder to like him, especially at times like this.

			“It’s me,” he said.

			“Dammit, Bradley!” Rudolph screamed.

			“It’s me . . . sir . . .” Bradley said, his voice heavy with patience.

			“Get in here! Get under cover!”

			“We’ve got to get out of here while we can,” Bradley said. “Get the kids—we’ve got to go.”

			“Are you crazy?” Rudolph demanded. “It’s a war zone out there!”

			I leaned in and shouted up the stairwell, “It’s going be a war zone right in there with you if you don’t get moving, Rudolph!”

			“Dresden!?”

			“Yes, it’s me, moron,” I said, in my grumpiest wizard voice. “And we’re not going to be able to get out for much longer, you knucklehead, so move it!”

			“This is your doing!” Rudolph squealed. “More of your lies!”

			Bradley got a peculiar expression on his face. I wasn’t sure what it was, exactly, though you could probably have captioned the photo, How Could I Have Been So Blind?

			He held up a finger to me. Then he walked in through the door.

			There was a thump, and a clatter.

			Bradley emerged from the day care with Rudolph draped limply over one shoulder, and the man’s pistol in his own shoulder holster. He was carrying a small child, maybe two years old, in the other arm.

			Behind him came a woman with steely hair and a grandmother’s clothing. She held an infant in the cradle of one arm and the hand of a small string of larger children who followed her, all holding hands.

			Bradley led them down the stairs and onto the street. Butters immediately went to take the infant from the older woman, who surrendered the child with a grateful grimace and a twitch of her shoulder.

			The wolves immediately took position around the children, without me telling them to. They wagged their tails and took little happy steps and generally performed the canine equivalent of pinching their cheeks and making a fuss over them. The kids were instantly enchanted by the group of doggies.

			Who also did their best to keep their furry bodies between the children’s eyes and the worst of the horrors around us.

			They felt like I did. That no one should have to look at that kind of thing. And that those of us who already had? We were glad when we could spare someone else the same invisible wounds.

			I fell in beside Bradley, who carried his own weight and that of two other souls without visible effort. “The wolves are great kids. They’ll go with you, get you and the kids out. Two blocks south, to the park. There’re volunteers holding out at the pavilion. Tell them that the wizard sent you to see Sanya. He’s a big black Russian guy. Tell him I want him to give you an escort out.”

			“South, pavilion, Sanya, wizard sent me, get the kids out,” Bradley confirmed. He eyed the wolves. “Friendlies?”

			“Yeah,” I said.

			He heaved a breath. Then set his jaw, nodded, and said, “Got it.”

			“Good man,” I said. “You’re handling this well.”

			“I am not,” Bradley said without slowing his steps. “I am not.”

			“Then you are freaking out in the most useful way possible,” I said. “Keep it up.”

			Bradley stared at me for a second. Then he let out a bark of crack-voiced laughter. But it was a real laugh. He hoisted Rudolph into a slightly more comfortable position on one wide, thick shoulder—Rudolph let out a groan of protest neither of us listened to—and kept walking.

			“Butters,” I said, slowing my steps for a moment to drop even with the little Knight.

			“It’s kids, Harry,” he said. He showed me the hilt of Fidelacchius, carried in the hand that wasn’t holding a baby. “I’ll take care of them.”

			I squeezed his shoulder.

			And the ground shook.

			We traded a wide-eyed look, and I said, “Get them out, go!”

			“Harry!” Murphy shouted from behind me.

			The ground shook again.

			Bradley staggered and fell. He curled his body around the child to shield her, which meant that I’m afraid Rudolph took the brunt of it. The poor man. The gun hadn’t been strapped into Bradley’s holster and it clattered onto the street.

			I whirled, feet spread wide for balance, as a pair of comets shot out of a side street half a block up, whirling in an evasive helix in the haze, as the damned Jotun from before, bruised and bloodied and furious, swiped its axe at them.

			“My lord!” trumpeted Toot-Toot. “I have engaged the enemy!”

			The axe nearly split my major general in twain, but the second glowing globe hit him at the last second, as Lacuna slammed a shoulder into his, causing them both to veer out of the weapon’s way.

			“Pay attention, fool!” she screamed.

			The Jotun saw us and dropped into a low slide, legs spread wide like a surfer, slamming its axe into the street and dragging it behind like some berserk plow, rending the street with an enormous roar of breaking concrete and blacktop as it used the weapon to slow its enormous momentum.

			So that it could turn toward us.

			The ground shook under the violence of the Jotun’s very presence.

			I rubbernecked and saw Bradley struggling to rise. Butters was hurrying the nice old lady and the children along, but their best pace wasn’t a fast walk, and they were all in plain sight of the Jotun, utterly vulnerable.

			Right. That made my choice simple.

			Suicidal, but simple.

			I turned to fight.

			Murphy sprinted past me and behind me as the Jotun roared and raised its axe from the street. As if in tandem with its rising fury, the axe burst into flame. The Jotun roared, flexed muscles the size of European automobiles, moved with the technique perfect to use the full force of its unthinkably powerful body—and flung the axe, spinning parallel to the ground like the blade of a lawn mower.

			What must have been at least half a ton of hard, sharp, burning metal came whirling toward my freaking face.





Chapter





Twenty-one



It is often surprising to people to discover exactly how strong a human being can be if he knows what he’s doing.

			The Jotun knew what he was doing. Given the raw power behind that throw, there was no way I was going to stop it. I could put every inch of power I had into a shield and be unable to stop that axe’s edge.

			But I might be able to deflect it.

			I summoned my will and rammed it into the shield bracelet on my left wrist. It hissed and popped with stray sparks of green-gold power as the energy of my magic met the inefficiencies in the material and spells carved into the copper bracelet, and the thing heated up almost immediately, as I brought a shimmering plane into being in front of me—and then I dropped to a knee and tilted the shield back, way back, into a slope of maybe twenty degrees.

			The giant axe hit my shield in an explosion of kinetic and magical energy. Literally. There was an explosion centered where the shield and the axe met, and I realized with a belated shock that the Jotun had imbued considerable power of its own into the axe.

			The world went white and silent.

			I was flung a good fifteen feet back across the ground and wound up slamming into Bradley, who was only then getting moving again. Rudolph, tragically, got roughed up again as a result, oh no. I lay there for a second, stunned, and watched glass from hundreds of shattered windows fall with almost dreamy slowness toward the ground. My bracelet burned hot enough to scald skin, and the Winter mantle sent me pulses of weird tingly sensations to let me know what was going on.

			I shook my head and looked around blearily. The axe had hit my shield at an odd angle and skittered off to my left and up. It was buried to the eye in what looked like an office building, as if an enormous lumberjack had sunk it in so that he could spit on his hands and get to work.

			Oh right. The Jotun.

			I drove my staff into the ground and shoved myself to my feet, shaking my head in an attempt to get the damned bells to stop ringing.

			The ground shook as I did.

			I looked up to find the Jotun standing maybe twenty yards away, scowling down at me. It tilted its enormous head and studied me for a few seconds. Then in a voice so deep I could barely understand the word, it rumbled, “Seidrmadr.”

			What the hell. I faced it and said, “Jotun.”

			Its brow furrowed with cold anger. His skin was ruddy, his features rough-hewn, and his eyes were an almost violent shade of grass green within the shadows of his helm. From this close, I could see the enormous ugly scarring around his mouth, faded with time but lumpy and displeasing nonetheless. “Who are you and what have you done, that I might know whom I kill?”

			Oh right. Old-school Viking. I had been recognized as someone worth fighting, and now it was time to boast, which suited me fine. I had people who needed time to escape.

			I glanced back over my shoulder, to where Bradley was struggling to rise, cradling the child with great care and tenderness inside the circle of his torn and bleeding arms, and with a shock, I realized why he’d been at that day-care center in the first place.

			The little girl was his.

			Oh God.

			If Maggie was on this street right now, I’d be losing my mind with terror for her.

			Bradley staggered up drunkenly and then turned to Rudolph, who was stirring feebly.

			“Get the girl out,” I said in a low, intense voice. “She’s more important. I’ll take care of Rudy.”

			Bradley hesitated. Of course. No good cop leaves his partner behind. But Bradley had seen some awful things that night, and he made the choice most fathers would.

			He picked up his little girl and ran to get her clear.

			I turned back to the Jotun and drew myself up to my full height, which meant I was eye to lower quadriceps with him.

			“I am Harry, son of Malcolm,” I shouted back. “I have battled dark sorcerers and black knights! I have fought men and beasts in numbers too great for counting, invaded the heart of Winter, confronted necromancers and the living dead, vampires and ghouls and demons in their hordes endless! I have matched wits with the six Queens of Faerie and prevailed, and thwarted the combined will of the White Council! When they came for my child, I smote the Red Court of Vampires, and laid them in ruin for all the world to see. I am Harry, son of Malcolm, and I have entered the vaults of Tartarus, and stolen its treasures beneath the gaze of Hades himself! And I’m about to add giant slaying to my résumé.”

			That seemed to please the Jotun immensely. His smile grew wider and wider, showing more and more teeth the size of dinner plates. “Impressive claims.”

			“Damned right,” I shouted back. “Who are you and what do you got?”

			The Jotun lifted his hand. There was a groan of concrete and steel breaking, and then that damned huge axe just flew back into his hand as if it had been drawn by a cartoon magnet.

			“I am Svangar, son of Svangi,” the Jotun roared back. He used one hand to gesture toward his scarred mouth, infusing it with contempt. “I have fought the Odinson and lived to tell the tale.”

			I swallowed.

			I didn’t know much about Thor beyond what stories, comics, and movies tell. But from what I understood he was pretty much the Jotnar’s boogeyman. If this particular Jotun had survived that boss fight, it was probably safe to assume he was no pushover.

			Worse, I had hoped to keep his attention longer, while he bawled his boasts in my face. Just my luck, I had probably found the one Jotun in the universe who had a humblebrag of that magnitude. You couldn’t not use that one to boast.

			My mouth was pretty dry. I didn’t reply. I just nodded.

			Svangar nodded back.

			Then he roared and came at me, axe whirling.

			The thing about creatures as big as the Jotun is that they come without power steering. There was simply too much mass building too much momentum for them to be quick to alter course—their whole life must be like walking on a sheet of slippery ice. Not only that, but nervous systems are nervous systems. Signals that have to travel a maximum of six feet are going to be faster than ones that have to cover twenty.

			I had to make that advantage count. If I could dance fast enough, maybe I could maneuver Svangar into tripping into a building or something, and run before he got loose.

			With the reach that axe gave him, there was no way to get around him without coming into range—and I did not want to do that. One hit from that thing, and I’d look like a Rorschach test image.

			So I ran right at him.

			Svangar bellowed a war cry as the axe came down toward me.

