			I pointed my staff to one side, focused my will, and screamed, “Forzare!”

			Even magic can’t escape a lot of fundamental physics. Project force at something and it pushes back with an equal and opposite reaction. I used a lot of force, slamming against a brick building to my right. The building slammed me back, and the impact sent me flying to one side—and out from under the axe.

			The axe cleaved into the asphalt where I’d been a second before. I flew sideways and forward, dropping into a roll as I came down to the ground. The giant roared, his momentum taking him into his own axe. The handle jabbed him in the gut with a whoosh of expelled air that sound like a miniature gale.

			I made my feet again and darted up the street a dozen paces, to force the Jotun to face me and turn his back on the escapees.

			Svangar wasn’t a dummy, though. He knew he was slower.

			So he twisted his blazing axe, melted a bunch of the street’s asphalt into a blob of burning tar that could have filled a small hot tub, and flung it at me even before he’d begun to turn.

			I dodged that one easily enough—but Svangar had never intended to turn me into a living, screaming tar baby. As the Jotun turned, he simply seized a disabled car in one hand and flung it at me sidearm at the speed of a major-league fastball.

			I brought my shield up in time, angling it to my left as I darted right. The car hit the shield, which flared into nearly coherent green-gold light. Broken glass and fiberglass and metal flew out from the impact. The smashed car spun wildly away, but even so, Isaac Newton had his two bits. I was knocked to my right, staggered, and had to put a hand on the street to keep from falling.

			I recovered my balance, drew my blasting rod from my coat, slammed my will through it, and shouted, “Fuego!”

			The raw energy of the terrified city supercharged my spell. The beam of molten-gold energy that lashed out from its tip, as bright as any arc welder’s fire, forced me to close my eyes and turn away from its intensity in the smoldering ember light of the burning city, and left a blazon of blue-purple light across the insides of my eyelids.

			I blinked them open again frantically to find the Jotun eyeing me, with a large section of the mail over his heart glowing deep orange.

			“A little flame like that?” rumbled the Jotun. “Against a son of Muspelheim?”

			Dammit. Fire was my go-to exactly because it usually did the trick.

			The Jotun snorted contemptuously. Then he swung his axe broadside at a building, which put up about as much resistance as dandelions do to machetes, and sent a cloud of broken glass and concrete and steel at me.

			I lifted my arm to cover my face and brought up my shield. Broken glass rattled against the spell-armored sleeve of my duster. One piece got by and my ear suddenly went hot and tingly. The rest slammed into my shield and drove me back until I hit the hood of a parked car, taking my legs out from under me and sending me crashing to my back on the sidewalk.

			My heart slammed with terror.

			This wasn’t a fight; it was an earthquake—and I was running around in the middle of it like a damned fool.

			Svangar took a couple of huge strides and the axe came down.

			I braced the end of my staff against the hollow of my shoulder, the way I would have a rifle, and screamed, “Forzare!”

			The air was too thick with energy that night. I’d given the spell a lot more than I meant to. The staff kicked back against me like a mule. I heard my shoulder re-dislocate with an audible tearing sound and a burst of pain-static—but I held on and was flung violently away from the descending axe.

			I fetched up against another car, hard enough to drive the wind right out of me.

			The Jotun turned his axe sideways like a flyswatter, took a stride toward me, and raised it.

			And that was when I saw Bradley vanish into the haze, the last of the company of escapees—but Murphy hadn’t gone with them.

			She was standing next to her Harley, and the box labeled CAMPING SUPPLIES was wide open.

			I watched her draw out a round tube with a couple of grip points and a control pad, painted olive drab. She extended the tube, flipped up some kind of little doohickey on it, lifted it to her freaking shoulder, and settled her fingers lightly on the control pad.

			“You fight like a woman, seidrmadr,” Svangar snarled.

			“Hey, drittsekk!” Murphy shouted.

			Svangar turned his head toward her, his expression furious.

			One corner of her mouth crooked up in a smile and her blue eyes were cold. “Me, too.”

			And she fired the weapon.

			I don’t know a lot about military hardware. But if you’re going to fight a Jotun, it seems to me a bazooka is about the right caliber.

			I didn’t really see the rocket fly. That’s not how those things work. They move at about the speed of a handgun bullet. There was simply an explosion followed almost instantaneously by another explosion in the hollow of Svangar’s throat. CrackBOOM.

			Resisting fire was a nifty trick, but in the end, again, Sir Isaac will always weigh in on matters. Fire is an absolute, a collection point of energy, and it can always get hotter. Eventually, as with any defense, there’s a limit to what it can do, a point of catastrophic failure—and Murphy’s rocket found that limit.

			Ever see a watermelon get smashed with a sledgehammer?

			It was sort of like that.

			Flesh and blood exploded from the Jotun in a cloud of aerial chum. I could see Svangar’s cracked and blackened collarbone and his freaking spine through the hole in his neck. The Jotun staggered, his shoulder smashing into a building, raised his axe one last time—and fell as it dropped from his suddenly nerveless fingers.

			The giant’s body crushed two cars and knocked over a streetlight as it came down. One outflung hand landed not three feet from my toes.

			And suddenly the street was silent and very still.

			I got up and walked toward her, taking slow steps, wide around the fallen Jotun. It was a little difficult to keep my balance. I might not have been able to feel it, but the pain was taking its physical toll on me. My entire body tingled unpleasantly.

			“Fight like a woman, my ass,” Murphy muttered darkly, glowering at the dead giant.

			She stood there with the rocket launcher on her shoulder and one hand on her hip and grinned at me as I came close.

			“Seriously?” I asked. “A bazooka?”

			“Had two. That other one was my practice launch,” she said.

			“You never told me about it.”

			Her grin widened. “No, you great gawking man-child. You’d have wanted to play with it.”

			I put a hand over my heart and gave her a wounded look. “Ow.”

			“Truth hurts, huh?”

			“Drittsekk?” I asked her.

			“Norwegian for, ah, scumbag,” she said. Then she glanced at my expression and said, “I’m a cop, Harry. There’s tradition to consider.”

			Before I could respond, Rudolph’s panicky voice screamed, “Both of you, don’t move! Don’t either of you scumbags move a fucking muscle!”

			I blinked and looked to one side. Rudolph had a shiner on his jawline that had already swollen into a proper mouse. He was standing on his feet, wobbling, his face pasty and his eyes wide and confused. His suit was torn and wrinkled and sprinkled with bits of blood from what appeared to be a broken nose. But he was in a Weaver stance, had recovered his gun from where Bradley had lost it, and had the weapon leveled at Murphy.

			“Terrorist!” he gabbled. “You’re a goddamned terrorist!”

			“Rudolph,” Murphy said, “you don’t know what’s going on.”

			The whites of his eyes got bigger. “You just killed someone with a rocket launcher!”

			Murphy eyed the fallen Jotun. “That was the idea, yeah.”

			“Hey, hey, Rudolph,” I said. “Easy. Easy. Look, we can’t be here for very long. There’s more of the enemy coming. We all need to go.”

			“Shut up, shut up!” Rudolph screamed, tracking the gun to me. “Shut the fuck up, you lowlife!”

			I began to lift a hand, to flick a wave of force at him, to take the gun out of his hand—but I didn’t.

			I looked at my arm. I told it to rise. It ignored me. I couldn’t tell what was going on behind the cloud of static flooding my nervous system. Christ, that was the shoulder I’d dislocated, again. Without being able to sense the pain of the injury, I hadn’t noticed.

			“Rudolph!” Murphy said, her voice cracking with authority. “We’re trying to help you. Jesus, Mary, and Joseph, man, at least take your finger off the trigger.”

			Rudolph swung the weapon back to Murphy and began to shriek in a high-pitched voice, pushing the gun forward for emphasis. “I don’t need you to—”

			The gun went off.

			The emptied rocket launcher fell to the street with a metallic clatter, splattered with scarlet.

			Murphy dropped like a stone.





Chapter





Twenty-two



Rudolph stood there, shocked at the sudden noise. He stared at the gun. Then at Murphy. “What? What?”

			“Medic!” I screamed, rushing forward. “Medic! Medic!”

			Murphy lay on the street behind her motorcycle. One knee had bent so that she was lying on her lower leg. The emptied rocket launcher was still rocking where it fell.

			I knelt over her. Her eyes were open wide as she stared up.

			The fire of the Eye flared again, briefly turned the world scarlet.

			I didn’t care.

			I ripped her jacket and shirt open.

			The bullet had gone into her neck, a quarter of an inch above her Kevlar vest. It hadn’t gone straight through. It had begun tumbling when it hit and had come out under and behind her left ear, leaving a trail of ravaged flesh in its wake. Blood came out as from a fountain.

			“Karrin,” I said. “Oh God.”

			I ripped the duster off, tore my shirt in my haste to get it off over my head, wrapped it into a pad, and put pressure on the gaping wound. As long as I didn’t try to move it at the shoulder, my injured arm functioned a little. I could use both hands. “Medic!”

			There was so much blood. It soaked my shirt through.

			I heard footsteps running toward us.

			“Karrin, I’m here,” I said. “Help is coming. Hang on.”

			She coughed blood.

			“Harry,” she said.

			Her lips went red with blood when she said my name.

			Her voice was ragged.

			“I’m here,” I said. It was hard to see her. The world had gone blurry. “I’m here.”

			The blood was making a pool around her golden hair.

			The running footsteps came to a sudden stop.

			Murphy made a couple of gurgling, choking sounds.

			I looked up to see Waldo Butters standing ten feet away, staring at Murphy.

			His face said everything.

			“No,” I said. “No, no, no, Karrin? Come on, Karrin.”

			She looked up at me for a second, and the corners of her eyes wrinkled as she smiled weakly. Her face had gone grey. Her lips were blue. “Not from you. I like Murph from you.”

			“Okay,” I said. I could barely choke the words. “Murph.”

			She reached across her chest and weakly touched my hand with hers.

			“Harry,” she said. “I lov—”

			Her eyes were on mine, and I couldn’t look away. I felt the soulgaze begin.

			And I saw the flame of a candle go out.

			Her eyes emptied. Just emptied, like the windows of an abandoned house. One moment, her body had been gasping for breath, straining, her face full of pain and confusion.

			Then . . .

			It was just an empty house.

			“No,” I said. “No, no, no.”

			I bent over her. Airway, breathing, circulation. I opened her mouth, tried to make sure it was clear. But it was pooled with blood.

			I couldn’t see her then. Was weeping. I bent over her anyway, breathed into her mouth.

			“Harry,” Butters said. His voice creaked.

			I breathed in five deep breaths, tasted blood. “Keep the pressure!”

			Butters knelt down, his body moving on autopilot, his face stunned. He put his hands over the pad, and I did compressions.

			On an empty house.

			I leaned down to breathe for Murphy again. Then more compressions.

			“Harry,” Butters said. “Harry.”

			Five breaths. Compressions. It was hard work. In a couple of minutes I felt dizzy as hell.

			“Harry, you can’t,” Butters said. “You can’t.”

			“Come on!” I screamed. “Murph, come on!”

			I breathed for her again.

			I broke her rib on the next compression.

			But it didn’t matter.

			It was nothing but an empty house.

			I felt Butters put his hands on my wrists. He drew them gently away. “Harry,” he said, his voice thick. “Harry, even if she’d been on a table when it happened . . .”

			I didn’t look away from her face. From her eyes.

			I’d been too afraid to soulgaze Murph. Everyone who had done that with me had seen something that didn’t please them. I’d been afraid to lose her, and I’d never allowed it.

			Now it was too late.

			The eyes are the windows of the soul.

			And Murphy’s eyes were just the windows of an empty house.

			There was nothing inside to gaze upon.

			I put my forehead against hers and wept. Helplessly. I screamed in rage and denial as I did. I knew the sound was ugly, was hardly human.

			I felt Butters’s hand on my shoulder.

			“Harry, we’ve got to go. We have to.”

			I shook him off with a violent twist of my shoulders.

			She was gone.

			Murphy was gone.

			And the Winter mantle did nothing, did less than nothing, for the pain.

			I put my hand on her hair. Her head was still warm. I could still smell her shampoo, beneath all the iron scent of her blood.

			I felt myself start to scream again. But I grabbed onto that scream and coldly choked it to death.

			I leaned down and kissed her forehead, closing my eyes. Felt the pain rising in me. And I embraced it. Welcomed it. I watched the futures I’d hoped we would have die before my eyes. I let the pain burn away everything nonessential.

			When I opened my eyes again and looked up, the world had gone grey scale.

			Except for Rudolph.

			Rudolph was bathed in light the color of Murphy’s blood.

			He flinched as my gaze fell on him.

			Butters got what was happening. Somewhere in the distance, I heard him say, in a warning tone. “Harry. Harry, what are you doing?”

			Rudolph began taking terrified steps back. He pointed the gun at me and I couldn’t have cared less. “Wait. Wait. I didn’t mean . . .”

			I rose.

			“Harry, no!” Butters said sharply.

			Rudolph turned and ran.

			That made things simple.

			I took off after my prey.





Chapter





Twenty-three



Hate is comforting.

			Hate is pure.

			There aren’t any questions, any worries about right and wrong, any quibbles about your motivations or goals. There are no doubts.

			Hate is serene.

			Rudolph ran. I pursued. And when I caught him, I would kill him. Horribly.

			Nothing else entered into it.

			I’ll give the guy this much credit: He could move. He’d always been careful about his looks, and evidently that meant a lot of cardio as well as expensive suits. He ran well.

			But he didn’t have my focus, my clarity, and he hadn’t been running himself half to death every morning for months and months. He was human. He felt pain. It was an enormous disadvantage.

			I gained.

			He made funny sounds as he ran. Little gasps and whimpers. He was terrified. He should have been. In a city of monsters, he’d just pissed off one of the worst.

			He took a right turn into a little loading area behind a building, tried a door, and found it locked. Obviously. Everyone who wasn’t running was forting up. There were more monsters than unlocked doors in Chicago that night. I don’t know what he was thinking.

			He turned from the door, desperate, lifted his gun, and started shooting at me as fast as he could pull the trigger.

			I raised my shield and slowed to a walk. Some of the shots went wide. Some bounced off the shield. None of them threatened me.

			“You can’t!” Rudolph screamed. He fumbled at his armpit and withdrew another magazine. “You can’t!”

			Before he could reload, I just walked forward into him, holding up the shield, and smashed him back against the steel door behind him.

			Then I set my legs against the ground and started pushing.

			Rudolph made a short, high-pitched sound of pain. The shield caught the barrel of his gun and forced it one way, his wrist another. The idiot still had his finger locked on the trigger. I heard the finger break.

			“Dresden, no!” Rudolph screamed.

			I pushed harder. Fire might have been good, but my damned arm would make it difficult. This felt better. Felt right. I thought about saying something about grinding his bones to make my bread, but I didn’t feel like conversation at that moment. Besides. Why waste breath on a corpse?

			We were in pandemonium.

			No one was going to ask any questions about one more body.

			I pushed harder. Rudolph tried to scream again. There wasn’t enough room between my shield and the metal door for his lungs to expand all the way, so it came out breathy and weak. His eyes were wide and terrified, I noted, but that was to be expected. He was dying, after all.

			The sour scent of urine filled the air.

			I took note of it and adjusted my feet slightly so that I could lean in harder.

			He went for his phone, of all the stupid things. His goddamned phone. As if anything there would do him any good. As if it would function and let him call for help. As if it would arrive in time to do him any good.

			The phone fell from his fingers as he tried to gasp for breath.

			I saw it on his face when he realized what was going to happen. When the panic took him, and the tears. When his hope faltered and died.

			It made me feel something hot and sweet deep in my guts.

			You killed her.

			Feel what I feel, you bastard.

			My teeth were bared. I felt sick, and hollow, and strong.

			I pushed harder.

			I heard a bone break. I didn’t care where it might have been. I just liked the sound and wanted to hear more of it.

			“Bozhe moi,” came a sudden, startled voice from somewhere behind me. “Dresden. What is the meaning of this?”

			“Fuck off, Sanya,” I snarled. “Won’t be a minute.”

			Rudolph made a gurgling sound.

			“Dresden,” Sanya said. His deep voice was troubled, which stood to reason. He didn’t have much clarity, like I did. “He is no threat to you. Stop this.”

			“He killed Murphy,” I said. My voice sounded calm. “I’m going to balance those scales real quick. Then we’ll get to work.”

			“No,” Sanya said. “That is not your place.”

			I heard the steel in his voice.

			I turned my head slowly and looked at him.

			The Knight of Hope drew Esperacchius from his side. The saber gleamed with a harsh, threatening light in the dimness of the alleyway.

			“Let him go,” Sanya said. “You are killing a man. If he has done wrong, he will face justice. But not like this.”

			“Just a second,” I said, as if I was putting together a sandwich.

			Sanya’s expression was strange. I couldn’t track what it was. But I knew it wasn’t appropriate to the situation. He stalked closer, moving well. Very well. He was a more worthy opponent. “Harry Dresden. I will not ask again.”

			Something disturbed the purity of my hatred then. I couldn’t tell what it was, but it pissed me off.

			What had been a profoundly pure experience had been disrupted. This creature, this Rudolph, didn’t deserve even the death I was about to give him. He couldn’t even die properly, forcing me to work for it. He was beyond contempt.

			“Walk away, Sanya,” I said shortly. “This is happening.”

			Sanya wouldn’t walk away. That wasn’t the Knight’s style. He wasn’t going to let me finish my business. I would have to reason with him.

			Sanya closed his eyes for a second, as if in pain.

			Which, come on. That was just stupid.

			I dropped the shield, whipped toward him, and kicked him in the balls.

			I was fast and strong. But Sanya had been fighting for his life against various bad guys for a while now and wasn’t going to be taken down by a sucker punch. He managed to move his hips at the last second, taking some of the impact out of the kick. So instead of dropping him to the ground, the blow knocked him back and staggered him, but he kept his feet.

			I gave Sanya no time to recover. I followed up, inside the reach of Esperacchius, getting my left forearm across his right, driving his arm back and up and not letting it come back down. He was big and strong. I was bigger, stronger. I crowded him against a wall, drove my knee up into his belly, once, twice, hard enough to break boards.

			Then the Russian’s head snapped forward into my face. There was a burst of static pain in the general area of my head, and then I was on my way back across the alley. My shoulders hit the wall, hard. There was a crackling noise, a flash of heat in my shoulder—and then I could move my right arm readily again.

			Sanya had driven a fist like a sledgehammer twice into my belly by the time I caught his blow with my right forearm before a third could land. I stomped down as hard as I could on one of his feet, with mixed results—the Russian had worn steel-toed work boots. He staggered a little, then threw a knee at my groin. I blocked it with one thigh, the one I’d hurt earlier, and the world narrowed to a tunnel for a second before I twisted my head to one side, found his ear, and bit down as hard as I could.

			Sanya screamed and his weight shifted back.

			I used that change of weight, set my legs, and drove him across the alleyway with the full power of my body and the strength of the Winter Knight. He hit the wall with a vicious impact. I felt it drive the air from his lungs, and I let out a shout of triumph as he bounced off, stunned for maybe all of a second.

			I hit him, hard, three times in that second, driving my fist into the side of his neck, into the base of his jaw under the ear, and into his temple, wham, wham, wham.

			The Sword fell out of his hand.

			The Russian toppled. He hit the ground stunned, making gagging sounds.

			“Self-righteous loudmouth,” I snarled down at him. “This is no concern of yours.”

			The hate was calling me. I had no time for further distractions, as satisfying as they might have been.

			I spat the taste of blood out of my mouth and turned back to Rudolph.

			He was on the ground, curled into a ball, gasping with pain, making choking sounds. He’d lost control of his bowels as well, and the stench made me want to tear his arms and legs off, one at a time.

			But he wasn’t alone.

			Waldo Butters had taken a knee beside him.

			The little Knight faced me. He stood up, slowly. I could see that he was shaking, trembling in every limb. His face was pale. The white cloak with its red cross was stained with blood and worse, dirty from the chaos it had been through.

			But it fit him.

			“Harry,” he said. “I can’t let you.”

			“You saw what he did,” I said. My voice sounded like my throat was full of rubble and broken glass. “What he did to her.”

			“You have lost it, man,” Butters said. His voice was pleading. “Harry, I can’t let you.”

			“You’d protect that thing?” I snarled.

			“He’s not the one I’m trying to protect,” he snapped back. Something hard came into his eyes, and the trembling vanished. He rose, the broken hilt of Fidelacchius, the Sword of Faith, in his hands. “I’m trying to protect my friend.”

			Again, my clarity was broken. Again, I felt the rage surge through me. I didn’t even bother with the words to a spell. Let it burn. I lifted my hand, and with it my rage, drew upon the wild power in the air, and ripped lightning from nowhere and nothing, sending a thunderbolt at Rudolph with an incoherent scream of rage.

			Sudden white light flared, blinding. The confines of the alley were filled with voices louder than thunder, an angry chorus singing a warning note. From the broken hilt of the Sword of Faith came a blaze of light that intercepted that thunderbolt and sent it crashing into the wall above and behind Rudolph.

			Which was a fine trick. But I knew the Sword’s secret. I wouldn’t have to incapacitate Butters to get him out of the way.

			I strode forward, winding up with my left hand.

			“Harry,” Butters said, tears in his eyes. “Don’t.”

			I lashed out backhanded, striking at Butters’s face.

			He held up the very nonphysical Sword in a parry.

			. . .

			And my world became pain.

			. . .

			There was no warning, no anything. The second my arm touched the plane of the blade of light, everything shifted. The power of the mantle wrapped around me vanished like mist before the morning sun. Every injury, every hurt, every ache and scratch and bruise and strain, all came crashing onto me at once. I staggered, my limbs weak, as if I had suddenly gained several hundred pounds.

			I felt Rudolph. Felt his terror. His agony. His confusion. His humiliation. His remorse. His sick self-hatred. I felt them all as if they were my own. I saw myself through Rudolph’s eyes, huge and vicious and deadly, implacable as an avalanche.

			And Murphy.

			Oh God. Oh God, Karrin.

			My clarity withered before that light, before the star-bright blaze of pain in my left arm. I had to shield my eyes against the light of the Sword with my right hand, though the mere movement caused me pain enough to threaten the contents of my stomach.

			The stench of my own charred flesh filled my nose, somehow laced with the scent of sulfur, brimstone. There was a blazon of blackened flesh along my left forearm, starting just above my shield bracelet and running to my elbow, straight as a ruler.

			I fell to my knees.

			I dropped to my right elbow, cradling the burned flesh against me.

			The scream of pure pain that came out of me wasn’t loud. It was hardly human.

			And in its wake, I broke.

			I sobbed.

