			While Sir Waldo, the Knight of Faith, stood over me with that blazing Sword, between me and Rudolph’s curled, helpless form.

			“I’m here, Harry,” Butters said, his voice thick with tears. “Harry, I’m here.”

			The light dimmed and went out, and I felt him crouch in front of me, felt his arms go around me. “I’m here, man. I’m here.”

			Oh, Hell’s bells. Oh God.

			What had I done?

			I had almost . . .

			If not for Butters and Sanya . . .

			Murph would have been so ashamed. So terrified for me.

			Oh God, Murph.

			I leaned against him, sobbing, unable to control myself. Though he was only a little guy, he was wiry and tough. He didn’t waver. Not even when my whole weight leaned against him.

			“He took her,” I heard myself say, the words barely understandable. “He took her from me.”

			Butters’s arms tightened on me. “He took her from all of us,” he said. “And he’ll answer for it before the law, Harry. But it can’t happen like this. You can’t let it happen like this.” He abruptly hauled me upright to face him, and his expression was intent, hard, though tears ran down his cheeks. “We need you. You, the good man. I can’t let you hurt that man. Too many of us need him. Your daughter needs him.”

			It was that last phrase that did it. It hit me like a bucket of cold water.

			Maggie.

			Despite all the pain, despite the tears, my loss, I could see her there, in my mind’s eye. I could imagine her, awake in bed at Michael’s place, as safe as anywhere in this town, but too wise to believe that everything was all right, holding on to Mouse and waiting in silence to understand events that were well beyond her ability to change.

			Oh God. What had I almost done to her?

			Everything hurt.

			But there was enough left of me to feel shame.

			“I’m sorry,” I said. “Butters, I’m sorry.”

			His face twisted with empathy, and his tears fell harder.

			“Sanya,” I choked.

			“Am all right,” I heard a groggy voice say from down the alley. “Bozhe moi, you fight dirty.” I felt a large hand come down on my shoulder. “Like a Russian.”

			“Sanya’s here, too. He’ll be okay,” Butters said.

			I teetered forward abruptly, unable to stay upright.

			My friends caught me.

			They held me.

			“I’m here, Harry,” Butters kept saying. “I’m here.”

			“She’s gone,” I whispered.

			“Yeah,” he said. “I know. I’m here.”

			And for a time, there was nothing else to be done.

			I wept.

			And the city burned.





Chapter





Twenty-four



Sanya and his people had gotten their act together pretty quick. They’d come in numbers, down three parallel streets, the one we’d been on and the street on either side of it. They’d gone with a simple tactic—advancing in a line and shooting anything that didn’t look human with lots and lots of slugs and buckshot.

			Those largest Huntsmen were a big job—but many hands make light work. The way Sanya told it, the first one to come roaring out of the haze had been scary—but he and his appointed uniformed officer had managed to stand and shoot, and enough of the volunteers had stood with them to bring it down before it could complete its charge. And after that, after they saw with their own eyes that the enemy could bleed and die, things changed. The volunteers just stalked forward, killing Huntsmen, whose spears, while terrifying and destructive, really weren’t up to exchanging fire with pump-action guns while outnumbered five or six to one.

			The enemy and creatures of Winter alike gave way before that kind of pressure, much to their mutual dismay. The humans that those beings would normally consider their prey had opened their eyes and armed themselves and were willing to fight. For now, the volunteers outnumbered the foe, and the Fomor fell back, ceding the area to the Scattergun Brigade.

			I don’t know how long I was out of the fight. Butters told me later it had been only a few minutes. All I know is that after a time, the physical pain began to recede, and I felt the Winter mantle settle around me again.

			Sanya had broken my nose for me, I realized. Not that I hadn’t earned considerably worse. Sobbing hysterically with a broken nose isn’t real dignified. Or practical, for activities like breathing. It took me half a minute of coughing and spitting to get things cleared up. By the time I had, and had swiped at my eyes with a cleanish portion of my coat’s sleeves, the burn of my broken nose and the aches and pains had once more faded beneath the staticky curtain of the Winter mantle.

			Except for the burn on my arm.

			That one hurt. Period.

			I’d dealt with burns before. This one wasn’t the worst I’d ever gotten. Even so, it throbbed and pulsed and made me feel a little queasy and shaky.

			And it made me feel . . . human.

			I’m not saying pain is what defines us as human beings. But it is, in many ways, what unites us. We all recognize other people in pain. Damned near all of us are moved to do something about it when we see it. It’s our common enemy, though it isn’t, really, an enemy. Pain is, at least when our bodies are working properly, a teacher. A really tough, really strict, and perfectly fair teacher.

			I didn’t enjoy the steady, throbbing pain coming from the burn the holy Sword had given me.

			But I did find it immensely reassuring.

			The pain on the inside of me was something else entirely.

			Carefully, I put that aside. I didn’t try to bury it or freeze it. I just set it in a different room of my mental house and swung the door mostly shut.

			Later, there would be time to feel it. All of it.

			But I’d lost people before. That’s the thing about being an orphan. Grief is a known quantity. Loss is your family. Sure, it was going to hurt. It was going to tear me up. The empty place where she had been would make me its bitch for a while.

			But that was for later.

			First I was going to finish what we’d set out to do: protect the city.

			And I was going to provide Murph with a fitting escort to what came after while I did it.

			Butters walked over to me with my staff. He passed it to me.

			I nodded at him. I didn’t know where Rudolph was, or what Butters and Sanya had done with him. I didn’t want to know. Rudolph wasn’t my problem. He couldn’t be. I had too much responsibility to the city, to my friends—to my family.

			I slammed one end of my staff onto the asphalt and shoved myself back to my feet. I think someone was trying to talk to me on the way. I didn’t listen. And without a word I walked back to Murph’s body.

			It really was so tiny.

			Now that she was gone, it seemed even smaller.

			I picked Murph up. She weighed almost nothing.

			I cradled her body against my chest and then walked, briskly, my arm throbbing, through the blocks back to Millennium Park, where Mab still waited behind her cohort of warrior Sidhe—but instead of facing the oncoming threat, her gaze was waiting to find me as I emerged from the haze.

			She gave no visible signal, but the unicorn moved, nudging its way through the Sidhe as the Queen of Air and Darkness rode out to face me.

			She regarded Murph’s pale face, my bloody form, and said only, “You have returned.”

			“Yes,” I said. “She’s a Jotunslayer. She deserves to be laid with dignity.”

			“And so she does,” Mab agreed.

			She turned and pointed a finger at one of the blocks of waiting Sidhe warriors. Half a dozen of them peeled off from the formation instantly, in unison, and marched over to us.

			“See that this warrior is laid in state,” she said, and moved her head in a curt gesture toward the Bean. “She has shared our enemies and earned our respect, and so shall it be known amongst my vassals and to the furthest reaches of my kingdom.”

			The Sidhe saluted, fists to heart, their weird faemetal armor ringing with tones like bells or wind chimes where it was struck. One of them offered up a long, narrow shield, and they took position on either side of it.

			She wasn’t heavy.

			But I couldn’t carry her and do what we’d set out to do.

			I put her down on the shield, as gently as I could. I composed her as best I could. The grey, somehow shrunken remains weren’t Murph. But they deserved more respect, more grace, than I could offer.

			I put my hand on her head one more time. Touched her hair one more time.

			Then I said, “Okay.”

			The Sidhe carried Murphy’s body. I went with them, enough to make sure they behaved.

			They did. Could be it was the bloodied, bruised, angry Winter Knight standing over them that inspired it. Could be that it was real respect. The Winter Court and death are distant relatives. The only times I’d seen Winter volunteer something like humanity was when someone had died.

			Maybe it was all they had left.

			My left arm throbbed and burned as they laid Murphy down atop a bier made of the cases the weapons had been stored in.

			The warrior Sidhe saluted the body. Then they filed out.

			It was only then I noticed that they were all female.

			I looked at Murphy’s body lying on the crates. Except for all the blood, and the grey skin, she might have been asleep.

			But she wasn’t asleep.

			“I gotta go,” I said quietly. I wasn’t sure whom I was talking to. I suppose her death could have left a shade of some kind, but that wasn’t it. It took a little time for a shade to condense. After I had briefly participated in it, the whole afterlife thing had become even more confusing to me, not less. “Ethniu is almost here. Mab’s ready to make her play. I have to be there.”

			One of her curls had fallen over her eye. I moved the curl back. It promptly fell over her eye again.

			I smiled, through tears.

			Even dead, I couldn’t make her do a damned thing.

			I leaned down and kissed her forehead.

			“I already miss you so much,” I said quietly. “Goodbye, Murph.”

			I rose to leave and almost bumped into Mab, she was standing so close behind me.

			I wavered and didn’t. One does not bump into the Queen of Air and Darkness. It simply isn’t done.

			Mab stared silently at the body for a breath, her eyes unreadable. Then she looked searchingly up at me. She was at her human-disguise height, a little less than a foot shorter than me. The starlight in her hair was truly beautiful.

			Silently, she reached out and took my left arm. She pushed the sleeve of my duster up, despite my discomfort, and studied the burn for a moment. Then she said, with a slow, quiet, ever so slightly jealous tone, “That must hurt.”

			“It does,” I said.

			She closed her eyes for a moment and took a breath.

			When she opened them, it was all business again. “Can you fight?”

			“Watch me.”

			“I shall,” she said. “And you shall see something the world has not seen in many a year.”

			“What’s that?”

			“Mab at war,” she said simply. She glanced to one side. “Your little ones have found King Corb. He has come ashore upon the beach east of here and joined Ethniu. It is time.” She looked up at me. “When the moment is right, it must be you who calls out her name.”

			I knew whom she was talking about. There was no need for explanation. “Why me?”

			“She will answer you,” Mab said. “She has before.”

			I exhaled. “Oh. Got it.”

			“Good.” Mab touched my burned arm again and then withdrew her hand. “It is possible that I shall fall this night.”

			“You’re immortal,” I said.

			“Immortal. Not eternal. There is power here of the truly ancient world. It is enough to ensure the deed.” She narrowed her eyes. “Should I fall, I have one last command you would be wise to fulfill.”

			I tilted my head.

			“Kill Molly Carpenter,” she said calmly. “As quickly as possible.”

			“Funny,” I said.

			Mab stared at me.

			Of course. She hadn’t been joking.

			On a normal day, I would have been more upset. Today already hurt so much that I hardly noticed. Mab wanted me to kill someone. She usually did. It was sort of my job description.

			I frowned dully at her. “Why?”

			“As Winter Lady, she shows promise,” Mab said. “But she is not ready to become Mab. The consequences would be . . . unsettling. For both of you. Perhaps for all of Winter.”

			I tried to think of the kind of situation that would unsettle Mab. My mind shied away from it.

			“That’s not going to be an issue,” I said. “Because you aren’t going to get killed tonight. When I bury Murph, she’s going to be holding the shattered key to that Titanic bitch’s cell on Demonreach in her hands.”

			Mab’s face blossomed into a carnivore’s sharp grin. “Not the Eye?”

			“Fuck the Eye,” I said.

			She actually lifted her hand to cover her mouth. But I saw her eyes . . . smile. It was damned eerie. “All upon the field tonight want that weapon. Your own White Council included. It is the primary reason they fight.”

			I blinked.

			I looked out at the ruddy haze outside and spat a curse.

			Of course. That’s why everyone was fighting beside Mab. Not to honor the treaty, at least not for all of them. But to secure a weapon that would give them an enormous advantage over any of the other Accorded nations. One that could be a threat even to immortals like Mab. I could imagine what the Senior Council would be saying about it if I accused them, too. Too dangerous, could cause havoc, can’t let those monsters have it, we’ll be able to lock it away and keep it safe, harrumph, harrumph.

			“Should we be victorious, that will be the real fight, you know,” Mab said. Her gaze, always penetrating, made me squirm. “Who shall possess the Eye?”

			Outside, said Eye filled the night with light and destruction again. I heard the building fall this time, clearly. Hell. It was only a couple of blocks to the north. It might have been the one with Bradley’s day care in it.

			“I can wreck buildings just fine all by myself,” I said, and tapped the center of my forehead. “And I got three eyes already. What the hell do I want with another big ugly one?”

			“What indeed,” Mab said, as if I hadn’t spoken. She closed her eyes and said, “I confess, it has been long since I have taken the field in earnest, my Knight.” She showed me her teeth. “I think this shall be . . . fun.”

			I blinked. “Fun?”

			Mab opened her eyes, and they twinkled. Just twinkled.

			And then she turned in a wave of silken hair and starlight and strode out of the Bean and onto the battlefield.

			“Hell’s bells,” I muttered after her.

			I didn’t hear it, of course. But my mind provided me with a perfect reproduction of Murph’s drily amused chuckle.

			I turned back to Murph’s remains and touched her cheek with the backs of the fingers of my left hand. Then paused.

			Her Sig, her favorite handgun, was still riding in its shoulder holster beneath her coat.

			Heroes are traditionally buried with their arms.

			But this fight was still going.

			I took the gun from its holster, very gently. It wasn’t a large weapon, but it fit my hand nicely enough as a backup.

			“Backup,” I said. “You mind if I borrow her for a while?”

			Murph couldn’t say anything.

			But with a whisper, where I’d moved it to get the gun, her coat fell open a little more, showing the spare magazines she had prepared.

			“Thanks, Murph,” I whispered.

			I took the magazines and Backup.

			And then I stalked out to fight for the city.





Chapter





Twenty-five



I walked out of the Bean and into the soundtrack of a B horror movie: The Fomor forces didn’t use drums to send signals in the haze.

			They used clicks.

			I supposed that made sense. Drums wouldn’t sound like much underwater. But two rocks banged together are two rocks banged together. I just hoped that they weren’t enough like dolphins to be able to see through the haze using the clicks, too. I didn’t think so, since dolphins had an absolutely enormous biological investment in their natural sonar, but I’d had unpleasant surprises before.

			I strode through the ranks of the Sidhe cohort, and this time there were no games. They made a path for me with crisp precision. But I could sense their eagerness as I passed by. The Winter Court makes very little distinction between sex and violence. Their confrontation with me earlier had been foreplay, but now they were ready for the main event.

			Normally, before a big fight, I felt as intensely as they did, if differently. The adrenaline. The fear. The eagerness to get it over with.

			This time I didn’t.

			It wasn’t that I didn’t feel anything. I felt plenty. I just couldn’t care too much about it, in the face of my loss. That was dangerous, both for me and for the people I was protecting. Battles are not graded on a curve, ever. You survive or you don’t. And everyone you’ll ever face in a battle to the death is undefeated.

			I had to get my head into the game.

			I strode across the park to the pavilion, where Sanya and the volunteers waited, and as I went, the scarlet-hazed air filled with eerie clicks that sounded hideously organic. They came echoing through the heavy air, from multiple directions, north and south alike.

			The Alphas fell in around me as I came to the volunteers, and Butters appeared from the haze to silently take up a position behind me and to my right, where he could watch my back. Or stab me in it if I went all monstery, I supposed.

			Good.

			“Harry,” Sanya said cheerfully. One of the volunteers, damned if it wasn’t Randy, was busy wrapping a bandage around the big Russian’s head, to secure the pad over his torn and bloodied ear. “You are just in time, da?” He gestured out at the unseen sources of the clicks. “What kind of monster you think we get to kill now?”

			“Doesn’t matter,” I said. “If it bleeds, we can kill it. And they all bleed. Let’s go.”

			“Da,” Sanya said firmly, and raised his voice as Randy finished with the bandage. “All right, everyone! Offense, time for us to make them sorry! Defense, stay here and kill anything that comes from the north!”

			Sanya’s chosen officers started calling out to their groups, and they began to spread out in a line, facing east. The officers weren’t being subtle about it. They physically shoved people into position. There were a lot of worried faces on that line. I could feel their fear, the kind that makes your limbs feel hollow and your forehead bead in a cold sweat.

			But through the banner, I could also feel their determination, and the aggression radiating off that hideous unicorn that was seeping into them. They were terrified and furious and ready to spill blood.

			Sanya came up beside me.

			“I’m sorry,” I said.

			Sanya snorted.

			“Thanks,” I said. I lowered my voice. “They’re amateurs. If we run into enough trained professionals, like Listen and his people, they’re going to be slaughtered.”

			Sanya gave me the side-eye. “You think they do not know that?” He clapped a hand to my shoulder. “We all must die, Dresden. There is no shame in dying for something worthwhile.”

			“I’d rather the Fomor died for something they thought was worthwhile, if it’s all the same to you.”

			“Hah,” he said, grinning. “Da. That is plan. And it is time.”

			I held up a hand, sharply. “Wait.”

			Reports came in from the malks, through my banner. They were once again out ghosting through the haze. I tasted stagnant seawater on my tongue, there was so much of the scent in the air. Malks were not, on the whole, very bright—too much of their brain was devoted to bloodshed. But my scouts’ estimates were not optimistic, and in some cases almost fearful.

			Grimalkin, I thought. I need an accurate assessment of enemy position and numbers.

			The Elder malk’s reply came buzzing through my head in his creepy, creepy voice. They are legion. Between five and seven thousand. They march west through the park.

			Holy crap.

			There was no way for about eight hundred amateurs with shotguns to fight that and win.

			Unless . . .

			“Dammit,” I said. “They’re coming right at us. We have to beat them to Columbus. It’s a double-wide separated roadway, and it’s at ground level, maybe fifteen feet lower than the park. There’s a pedestrian bridge across. The bridge is higher than the park and it will give them a firing position down onto our people, as well as an easy way across Columbus—otherwise, they’ll have to climb straight walls under heavy fire.”

			“Destroy bridge?” Sanya asked.

			“And hold the line for as long as we can, do all the damage we can,” I said.

			Sanya took a deep breath and then looked at the volunteers. “Da,” he said quietly. “Then we must move quickly.”

			“Yeah,” I said. Then we jogged out in front of the volunteers, and I called, “Follow me!”

			And we took off at a trot across the Great Lawn, our northern flank shielded by the defensive positions at the pavilion, with stealthy little monsters moving in a screen in front of us, serving as my eyes.

			What I had not considered was that eight hundred people running together make a thunder of their own. As we ran, I heard the alien clicking sounds stop—and then resurge in a furious, faster tempo.

			Hah. They hadn’t been expecting something like this. And now that I thought about it, I wouldn’t want to run into eight hundred angry people with shotguns on an average Chicago evening, either.

			The retaining wall on this side of Columbus came into sight, and I poured it on, aiming for the pedestrian bridge. Sanya started screaming orders to his officers, hard to hear over the sound of that many people moving.

			I didn’t see the enemy team holding our end of the bridge through the haze until they popped up from under cloaks like ghillie suits and opened fire. Angry wasps hissed through the air and someone hit me in the stomach with a baseball bat and drove the wind out of me.

			For a second, I couldn’t tell what was happening. Some of my volunteers had raised their weapons and returned fire immediately, but most were confused. I knew the feeling. Getting shot at often confuses the hell out of me, and only training and experience allow you to respond with the kind of instant aggression necessary to counter that kind of surprise attack. I lifted my left arm, and only a lifetime of practice and dedication allowed me to bring up my shield through the pain.

			Pain?

			I looked down at my belly. There was no blood.

			I felt a hit on my shoulder. Another on my cheekbone, even though nothing had touched my shield.

			And then I got it.

			My people were dying. I could feel it. Feel their pain. Their terror. Their confusion.

			The air seethed with magical potential.

			I drew my blasting rod, gathered my will, dropped the shield, and screamed, “FUEGO!”

			Because nothing cuts through bullshit like a proper fireball.

			The lance of energy that emerged from my blasting rod was an order of magnitude more potent than any I had thrown before, thanks to the cloud of terror over the city. The very air boiled and shrieked in protest, and when the blast hit the ground among the enemy fire team, the thermal bloom that erupted was a sphere of white-hot light. The concussion of that expanding heat slapped me in the chest so hard that it rocked me back a step.

			The enemy fire stopped.

			All that was left a few seconds later as the fire boiled away was a black circle on the ground maybe thirty feet across, in a mound, where the heat had sucked the very earth up in a low scorched dome, some unrecognizable lumps, and a small mushroom-shaped cloud of sullen red flame that vanished into black smoke.

			There was a second of stunned silence, and then one of the volunteers, damned if it wasn’t Randy, shouted, “We’ve got a goddamned wizard! Fuck those guys!”

			The rest of the volunteers roared their defiance. I ran forward, and they followed.

			While we did, two of my people bled to death from their wounds. They . . . just went out. One moment, I could feel their terror and pain as if it was my own. The next . . . there was only silence.

			Eleven hundred and eighty-five.

			And I didn’t even have time enough to find where they’d fallen and look at them.

			The footbridge isn’t just a simple, straightforward bridge over an underpass. It’s this enormous, gleaming, serpentine thing that winds like a river, made out of concrete and gleaming polished steel. It’s solid. Like, really solid. And the only place it could reasonably be taken down was over Columbus itself, where it thinned out to normal bridge proportions.

			I drew up to a halt at the mouth of the bridge and turned to Sanya. “Deploy our people in two ranks. One along the side of the bridge and the other along the wall over Columbus.”

			“And you?”

			“Those trees are blocking our line of fire. I gotta take them out, then go out on the bridge to take it down,” I said. “Be right back.”

			“Not alone,” Sanya said.

			“He isn’t,” Butters said, firmly.

			I eyed the little guy and didn’t have time to argue. So instead I grunted, jerked my chin to indicate the direction, and started off.

			I couldn’t get over how easy it was to use magic in the boiling air. I’d already performed several spells that by all rights should have left me in need of a breather and a meal. Instead, the latent magic in the air made me feel exhilarated, eager to do more. Which isn’t different from any other kind of power, I suppose. And it held the same dangers. So I was careful about how much force I used on the trees. Just enough to rip through each trunk and send them crashing down toward the street below.

			Once that was done, I raised my shield preemptively and hurried forward, following the curve of the bridge, even as some of the volunteers pounded out onto the bridge to take up firing positions overlooking the underpass.

			The enemy clicks became louder and more erratic, and I saw them for the first time as I stepped out onto the bridge.

			The Fomor army seemed to be organized in warbands. Each one had maybe three hundred creatures in it, in a distinct group, gathered around a central standard. No two groups looked the same. Some were simply a collection of turtleneck handlers, each holding a pair of large, hairless, vaguely canine animals. Some were packs of shapeless, deformed . . . things, naked, neither human nor animal, their faces and bodies twisted and ugly, the cruelest combinations of expressed genes imaginable. Some were orderly ranks of armored warriors, their arms a little too long for their bodies, their shoulders too wide. Some looked like troops of more modern militaries and were armed with rifles. And at the center of each warband was a knot of Fomor proper, frog-faced jerks in badly clashing clothing, seven feet tall.

			There were a couple of thousand of them. And those were only the ones I could see. The haze must have been concealing the rest.

			When I was spotted, things got a little crazy.

			Shots rang out and my shield lit up like a disco ball. Butters yelped and jumped behind me. I pressed forward. I had to get far enough up the bridge to bring it down.

			Someone shrieked something, and one of the groups of those tormented abominations came howling toward me, their locomotion ragged and swift.

			Butters peeked out from behind me and said, “Wow, red carats everywhere.”

			I blinked and poured more energy into the shield. With this much available, it wasn’t hard to hold it up. “What? What the hell do vegetables have to do with anything going on right now?”

			“It’s kind of a Knight thing.”

			I crouched low and got out of the worst of the fire. The walls on either side of the footbridge were about five feet high, and there was no way for them to get a clear line of sight to us. I felt clever as I hurried forward.

			And then I heard several phoont sounds.

			Grenades began to fall.

			Some of them went right on by and over. Trying to land a grenade inside the sheltered area of the footbridge was a damned tricky shot. But the enemy did what the enemy always does, and showed up with more skill than they had any right to possess.

			I shoved Butters against one of the walls, pressed my lower back against his chest, and melded the shield’s edges against the wall behind us.

			Half a dozen grenades went off in the space of maybe fifteen seconds, and the world was just one enormous crunching sound after another.

			“Down,” I growled as they stopped falling, and I lowered my shield. We dropped to hands and knees, below the level of the bridge’s walls, and I started crawling forward faster than I would have believed humanly possible. Butters followed.

			Evidently, they figured dozens of grenades had done the job, because we didn’t take any more fire—until we rounded a corner and found ourselves face-to-face with fifty turtlenecks in full tactical gear.

			“Forzare!” I shouted, and unleashed a broad stroke of pure kinetic force. I hit them harder than I’d meant to. The first three ranks of them went flying back like they’d been on wires, and collided with the men behind them. The impact brought instant massive confusion.

			“Butters!” I shouted. “Kill the bridge!”

			And I charged, slamming my right hand forward, screaming, “Forzare!” with every stride, knocking the turtlenecks around like ninepins.

			“Harry!” Butters screamed.

			“Kill the bridge, dammit!” I shouted back.

			I heard the Sword of Faith come alight in his hands, and a glance over my shoulder showed him hacking through the bridge at his feet as if it had been made of so many soap bubbles.

			I spun back to the enemy, brought my shield up—and stood tall.

			“You!” I said, relishing the moment. “Shall not! Pass!”

			They replied with a hail of automatic weapons fire. The impacts against my shield all but blinded me.

			And a freaking Fomor sorcerer popped out from behind a veil that had concealed him from me and lobbed a viscous-looking ball of quasi-liquid at me.

			I’d been burned once before, hah hah, by assuming my shield would be ready to stop whatever came at me. I ducked and skittered forward and to one side, and the blob hit the bridge where I’d been standing.

			Whatever that stuff was, the xenomorphs’ blood had nothing on it. It started chewing at the concrete and the steel itself, bubbling and hissing as those substances were dissolved, and a hideous stench filled the air.

			The Fomor smiled his froggy smile at me and tossed another, to my other side. I dodged again, but I had less space to do it in—I did not want to walk in one of those puddles. Whatever that vitriol was, it would probably devour my feet in seconds.

			And then one of the turtlenecks lobbed a grenade high, aiming for it to come down behind my shield.

			A flicker of will and a muttered word, and I batted the grenade out of the air and back down among the turtlenecks.

			There was a fine amount of screaming and confusion as it went off, and I checked over my shoulder.

