			“Irrelevant,” Mab replied.

			In the shadows of the Bean behind us gathered the malks and Black Dogs, the rake and the ogre, the gnomes and double dozens of the viciously mischievous Little Folk of Winter.

			Before us, the Sidhe abruptly began to chant and sing, gesturing with their hands as they did. Flickers of light glittered over the cohort in a dome. Shapes and sigils, runes and formulae, crackled briefly in the air, as two hundred sorcerers gathered their power from the hyperenergetic air.

			What the hell? I held up my staff, opening the channels to the energy storage structures inside, and drew that energy down into it. The task normally took an hour of intense concentration and exhausting effort, when I had to provide the energy for the staff myself. With the air gone mad with power, the staff charged in seconds, which should not have been possible, not without the excess energy overflowing into waste heat and burning the thing to a crisp.

			Instead, it simply let out a low hum, the runes carved into glowing green-gold, and the faint, excellent scent of scorched wood edged the night.

			Mab surveyed her troops, evidently waiting as the various shields and wards and charms and abjurations were assembled from mystic energy. She glanced aside and said, “This is the new Knight of the Sword?”

			“Sir Waldo,” I said, lifting a hand to Butters down at belt level, in warning. “He’s been my ally many times.”

			“All grown up,” Mab noted, in the voice of someone looking at a cow and seeing only steaks. “Welcome, Sir Knight.”

			Waldo cleared his throat, bowed slightly at the waist, and said, “My pleasure, ma’am.”

			“Your new Sword,” she said, “has shed its mortal limits. Now it harms only the wicked.”

			My arm throbbed.

			The clicking grew steadily louder.

			The weapons of the Sidhe groaned with cold and bloodlust.

			“The Sword defends the defenseless, ma’am,” Butters said. “As it always has.”

			The chanting of the Sidhe rose to a swift, fevered climax. Flickering sparks began to dance over their weapons and armor, dazzling as a pool of paparazzi’s cameras, in every hue imaginable and some that I couldn’t remember ever seeing before. It was the opposite of a veil—an enchantment that forced you to notice it, an irritating distraction that simply would not cease being a nuisance.

			Mab lifted her head in time with the fevered chanting of the Sidhe and let out a scream that somehow blended perfectly with the song.

			The sound of that scream pulsed through me like the most powerful music I’d ever experienced, like the hardest rush of adrenaline I’d ever felt.

			I couldn’t help it. I drew in a breath and answered the scream with one of my own. As did the Sidhe. Even Butters lifted his voice in a furious shriek.

			And then, without conscious command, we were moving, the Sidhe cohort darting forward with unnatural fury and grace. That power that carried them forward wrapped around me, drawing my feet with more surety and dexterity and power than I could have managed alone, and Butters kept pace despite his diminutive stature.

			We moved forward together, as lightly as any troupe of dancers, and as we did the formation changed as smoothly as if choreographed. Mab, upon her dark steed, surged forward, through the ranks of armored Sidhe, until she was at the head of the formation, with me behind her and to her left, Butters opposite me, and the Sidhe and creatures of Winter dropping into an arrow-shaped formation behind us. Mab’s hand fell to her saddle and drew forth a long, jagged blade of what looked like ancient glacier-blue ice. She raised the sword as icy vapor billowed around us, the whole cloud flashing and flickering with faelight like a thunderstorm.

			Like I said. When Mab decides it’s time to do business, she doesn’t just sit around waiting for things to happen.

			And that’s how maybe two hundred and fifty fae charged five thousand Fomor at the Battle of the Bean.

			We moved together, all but blinded by mist and vapor, following Mab’s will, and suddenly the enemy was there in front of us, hundreds of twisted abominations armed with clubs and rocks and claws and teeth.

			Mab howled as the dark unicorn lowered his head and plunged straight down the enemy’s throats.

			Mab struck left and right with her sword, flickering cuts as swift and light as the beating of a hummingbird’s wing. She struck at arms, shoulders, faces, leaving nothing but little incisions the depth of a fingernail’s width in soft spaces of flesh—but covering a space as big as my spread hand around the wound with vicious, bitterly cold Winter frost.

			There was barely any time to notice anything but the flying limbs, weapons, and furious faces of the Fomor abominations. Where Mab rode on her unicorn, a nexus of terror followed. Those abominations closest to her recoiled and were struck with bitter wounds, even as they blocked their allies from getting close enough to strike Mab. This left her riding forward into a vacuum of space that could never quite close around her—and which left those of us running in her wake an opening to exploit.

			Butters and I plunged into that limited space of confusion around Mab. Butters brought Fidelacchius to life and began striking, sending the Fomor’s hideous troops reeling in reaction. On my side of things, I began laying about me with my staff, each blow dispensing a thunderclap of kinetic energy and sending my target flying a good ten feet in the direction of the blow. I simply left the energy channels in the tool open, drawing in from the power-laden air on a continuous basis as I hammered wider the opening Mab had created.

			Behind me came the Sidhe, their weapons shrieking and wailing as the cold, cold faemetal sank into flesh and tasted hot blood, and vapor boiled away from the wounds the supernatural weapons inflicted, their bloodied lengths bubbling as new-drawn blood hissed into plumes of vapor. The light of the Sidhe’s armor and weapons and eyes was terrible in the vision of the Fomor’s slave-soldiers, and the abominations howled and tried to shield their eyes from the painful hues.

			We plunged entirely through the enemy’s front line in seconds, taking them completely off guard in the thickened haze—and I almost didn’t see what had really just happened.

			Behind me, I could see one of the abominations, reeling back from the surprise attack from Mab’s flying wedge, clutch at a long, shallow, frost-covered wound in its arm, probably Mab’s work, and suddenly begin to scream.

			The creature clutched at its wounded arm, holding it straight up, rigid, as if it had been holding a mannequin’s arm.

			I saw the skin along the edges of the wound writhe and suddenly turn black.

			And that black began to spread.

			The abomination screamed in piteous terror for several seconds, as the black color from the edges of its frostbitten wound raced throughout its body—bringing a terrible stillness in its wake. By the time the black had wrapped around the abomination’s torso, the screaming had stopped.

			It died screaming.

			And a second later, all that was left was an agonized-looking statue of dark stone.

			I heard more, even more painful screams behind us, and realized that the weapons of the Sidhe had apparently carried the same curse. We had cut a swath through the enemy, and those we had wounded had . . . simply turned to dark, rough, sandy-textured stone.

			And it had, as a consequence, split the group of abominations into two much smaller groups of abominations, separated by a wall of statues.

			Without hesitation, Mab wheeled on the nearest group, screamed again, and led the charge through it, her scream carrying me, Butters, and the Sidhe warriors forward, through another round of desperate nightmare time. And once that group had been split, whatever will drove them could no longer keep them on the field. The abominations began to flee, screaming, vanishing into the Winter mist around us.

			The Sidhe cut them down without mercy. Lethal blows were kinder: They left nothing but a dead horror upon the ground. Mere wounds began to blacken and petrify, carrying those struck to an agonizing final ending.

			Die swiftly or die slowly. That was all the compassion Winter was willing to show.

			Mab whirled on her steed the moment the enemy broke, and lifted a hand. As she did, a cold wind descended upon Chicago from the north, the scent of it dry and sharp like at the beginning of proper autumn. It howled across the park, and the billowing vapors of mist and frost fled before it, sweeping the field clean of dust and smoke and mist, leaving the park suddenly clearly visible.

			And I saw what Mab had really been up to.

			As I watched, about fifty yards away, Mab led a cohort of Sidhe into a formation of octokongs, their weird arquebus weapons bellowing to little effect. A dozen yards beyond that, Mab led a cohort of Sidhe into a formation of dog-beasts and their handlers. Beyond them, maybe four or five more Mabs were hammering their way through several formations of those heavily armored ape-things.

			And behind us, more Mabs were doing the same thing. The enemy screamed and fought. From one side of the battlefield, sorcery suddenly struck, with a sound like a thunderbolt and a spreading cloud of bilious green smoke that . . . just dissolved a pair of hapless octokongs that got in the way.

			Glamour.

			All of the other Mabs, all of the other cohorts of Sidhe, all the casualties inflicted upon the enemy by them—they were illusion. Figments of Mab’s imagination, given life by all the energy in the air.

			I stared in awe. Producing an illusion is, honestly, a task that might be slightly more difficult, magically speaking, than actually creating the illusory effect for real. Every detail, every wrinkle in fabric, every stray hair, every blade of grass that bent beneath an illusory boot, every footfall, every exhalation, every faint scent—they all had to be held and wielded by the conscious thoughts of the source of the illusion.

			Imagine one person running two thousand puppets at once.

			Mab was doing that in the back of her mind, while hacking at the enemy with her frozen sword. She took stock of the battle and lowered her hand, and mist and haze once again fell like a curtain as the cold wind ceased.

			Outnumbered dozens to one, Mab had pitted the sheer power of her mind against a supernatural legion—and she was winning.

			As long as the enemy couldn’t find and target Mab herself among all the duplicates, we weren’t fighting an army: We were holding a narrow pass where only a single unit of the foe could see us in the haze and engage us at the same time. Chaos and confusion and terror filled the minds of her enemies, and from them she built a fortress where their numbers counted for nothing.

			If left unchecked, Mab and her killers could destroy the entire enemy legion, one unit at a time.

			She let out another cry and the Winter unicorn leapt lightly into the haze, the rest of us following her like a comet’s tail. She hit a second group of abominations, and if they hadn’t been monsters, there to kill us, I would have felt sorry for the things. We dispatched that band, and then a third before the enemy gathered enough wits about them to respond.

			A bolt of purple lightning came down out of the haze like the hammer of God and struck Mab squarely.

			There was a flare of light so intense that I staggered and fell, dropping to a knee and barely staggering up again before the Sidhe warriors behind me trampled me to death. There’s a reason he fell became synonymous for he died. Losing your feet on a battlefield is an all-but-certain death sentence.

			Blinking my eyes against the dazzling leftover image of the lightning bolt, I saw Mab’s slender body arch into a bow, curling around the spot where the lightning had struck her, her long, thin-fingered hands clenched around a ball of white-hot light, the edges of her nails blackening and smoking with the heat. Then, with a banshee wail of pure, terrifying scorn, she straightened again and sent the bolt of lightning raging ahead of the unicorn, plowing an even wider and more fearfully murderous path through the enemy ranks, blasting a burial-deep furrow in the earth as she went.

			Hell’s bells.

			I gave myself a stern reminder not to piss her off.

			We plunged out of the wreckage of the third unit of abominations, and Mab, her face splattered with deep purple-maroon blood, let out a scornful snarl. “Corb should have shown his hand by now, the coward.”

			“Fine by me,” I panted. There is no more difficult cardio than fighting, let me tell you. “The longer he lets us fight small groups one at a time, the happier I am.”

			“That part of the dance is done,” Mab said, her eyes searching the haze. “These piteous lifespawn are helpless to us. But his other troops carry the Bane.”

			The Bane, by which she meant iron. For reasons no one I know of has ever figured out, the Fae—and the Sidhe in particular—were vulnerable to the touch of iron and many of its alloys. It burned and sickened them, simultaneously acting as a branding iron and radioactive uranium. I knew the faemetal armor they wore would offer them some protection from the wounds—but the mere presence of too much of the stuff in their proximity would grind away at their endurance and mental cohesion. The Sidhe might be able to fight it for a while—but long-term, it was a losing proposition.

			Don’t get too worked up about the phrase cold iron. Sometimes people insist that it means cold-forged iron. It doesn’t. The phrase is poetic metaphor, not instructions for building a chemical model. Sufficient iron content is what does the trick.

			If I was fighting the Sidhe, I’d want dump trucks of the stuff. And also the dump trucks. Plus any machines and tools that had been used to load said trucks. Hardly a shock, then, that Corb had so equipped his troops.

			Mab had just wheeled in preparation to charge again when there was a deep, ugly note in the air, almost below the range of my hearing, the kind of sound that you hear during disaster movies that have a lot of buildings collapsing, and maybe during earthquakes.

			At the same time, my wizard’s senses were assaulted by a serious, heavy-duty pulse of earth magic.

			There wasn’t even time to shout a warning. I called upon the Winter mantle for strength and speed and dove at Mab. The unicorn whirled to try to keep her away from me at the last second but wasn’t quite quick enough, and its movement was impeded by several abomination statues.

			I was airborne when I saw the attack coming—jagged spears of metal, made from what looked like rebar scavenged from the wreckage of demolished buildings.

			There wasn’t one spear.

			There weren’t a dozen.

			There were hundreds.

			If the Winter unicorn had not reared to protect Mab, I figure I’d have died right there. Instead, the creature’s body intercepted maybe a dozen of the spears. I had leapt so that my back and the spell-armored duster that covered it would be between the spears and the Winter Queen.

			I hit Mab and carried her off the back of the doomed unicorn.

			Two spears hit me. One of them in the small of my back, and one of them directly in the center of my right butt cheek. The damned things were heavy enough to carry considerable force, and while my duster stopped their jagged ends from spearing right through me, it couldn’t do nearly as much for the pain of the impact, and half of my body vanished beneath a cloud of tactile white noise as the Winter mantle masked the pain.

			I came down on top of Mab and sudden, hot, scarlet blood sprayed against me.

			I lifted myself off her rag-doll-limp body, even as I felt another powerful wave of earth magic building.

			The Queen of Air and Darkness stared up at me with wide, glassy, grass green eyes.

			Three feet of bloodied cold iron stood clear from the center of her torn, spraying throat.

			“Butters!” I screamed.

			I grabbed Mab by the nearest handle, her hair, and dragged her into the shelter offered by the body of the screaming unicorn thrashing weakly on the ground, just as another tsunami of metal spears flew our way.

			I fell over her as much as I could and heard the spears thwacking into the unicorn, which ceased its thrashing and screaming, and into the earth all around us.

			The haze was suddenly burned away in a circle around us as the Sword of Faith sprang to life, its fire singing in angry angelic chords. Butters advanced, whirling the Sword rondello style, slashing spears out of the air with shrieks of protesting metal.

			He reached my side, threw himself down behind the dead unicorn, and took one look at Mab.

			“Jesus,” he blurted. “Again?”

			“Shut up and get it out of her neck,” I said.

			“Harry, there’s no point.”

			Mab’s green eyes tracked to Butters and narrowed.

			“She’s immortal, dummy,” I snapped. “Get the rebar out of her and she’ll be fine.”

			A dank, fetid wind that smelled of swamps and decomposition began to blow from the east. The haze around us began to clear.

			“Dammit,” I snarled. “Don’t get cute with it. Just rip it out of her neck.”

			“I could use a little help here.”

			I checked behind us. I was staring at a bamboo forest of cold steel, rebar standing sharply up from the ground. Twenty or thirty of the Sidhe had been killed outright. The rest were nowhere to be seen. I couldn’t even feel the Winter forces under my command through the banner. The forest of steel had cut me off from them.

			More whistles and explosions came from the fortress. We were taking heavy casualties, and I could feel the mortals who had followed me. We were down to five hundred and eleven men and women, all of them terrified, their heads down, praying for survival.

			And I could see long, lanky shapes approaching through the haze, flickering bubbles of sorcery glowing around them.

			A dozen Fomor sorcerers were walking straight toward us.

			“I’ve got to talk to some people about some things,” I said. “You’re on your own, man. Hurry.”





Chapter





Twenty-eight



Magical duels are about two things: anticipation and imagination. When you’re up against someone who literally wields the leftover power of Creation itself, they can bring forth damned near anything they can imagine with which to attack you. If you haven’t considered their attack and imagined a way to counter it, you lose. It’s that simple.

			Fully a quarter of my training with my safely dead mentor, Justin DuMorne, had been in magical duels. The man had been grooming me to be his attack dog, and he played hardball. When it came to trading magical punches, I knew what I was doing. Anyone on the level of the Senior Council could probably hand me my ass, but they’d know they’d been in a fight, even so.

			One-on-one, I was a beast.

			Twelve-on-one, nobody is a beast.

			I checked on Butters. He had extended the blade of Fidelacchius again, this time only a few inches, and was lifting Mab by her head. The head of the length of rebar had been shaped into a hooked point, like a harpoon, only duller. Had he tried to pull it out, he would have had to rip most of Mab’s neck open along with it, and I can’t imagine that would have been good for her combat effectiveness, immortal or not. Instead, he sliced it away as easily as a seamstress snips a thread, before beginning to lower Mab’s head again.

			I let myself look concerned, drew in a breath and my power, and waited.

			The Fomor Sorcerers’ Club chose to attack me when I looked distracted. I mean, who wouldn’t, but especially these jerks.

			Predictable.

			They lobbed those bilious green spheres of acid at me.

			I spun toward them, my hand lifted, fingers spread, and pulled out an old one. I sent forth my power in the same moment that I drew on the silent gale of magic in the air, shouting, “Ventas servitas!”

			On an ordinary night, the gale that my spell conjured would have been able to toss furniture around a room.

			Tonight, I could have tossed furniture trucks.

			The gale caught the spheres in midair, hurtling them back toward their origins on a nearly flat trajectory. The FSC was pretty good. Of the dozen orbs, eleven of their creators were quick enough to unravel the spell that held the acid in its sphere, which the furious gale promptly atomized and dispersed over an area too large to remain dangerous.

			That twelfth, guy, though. Maybe he was somebody’s nephew, because he didn’t figure out that his own spell was coming back at him until it broke on his chin.

			As endings went that night, his didn’t make the top ten. But on any other night, I’d have been impressed at the results. The acid was considerably more destructive to flesh than it had been to steel and concrete. It even turned his square yellow teeth into slurry.

			I dropped the wind spell, struck a cheesy karate pose, and said, “Waaaaaah!” in the style of Bruce Lee. “Which one of you has brought me my nunchucks?”

			My humor is wasted, wasted upon most of the supernatural community. I mean, my God. They really need to get out into the world more. For instance, the FSC hesitated and glanced at one another, as if to ask if anyone had understood me. Or, hell, maybe they were so ignorant of the mighty Bruce Lee that they didn’t even get that it was a joke and were looking for some kind of traitor among themselves.

			In that time, I glanced back at Butters, who was tugging on the other end of the rebar now and seemed to be having little luck. Mab’s flesh had engulfed the rebar tightly enough to form a vacuum seal, and Butters was having a hell of a time getting it out.

			“Boot to the head!” I shouted at Butters.

			He blinked, and said, “Nah, nah?”

			“Augh, you nerd!”

			The FSC had decided to stop worrying about whatever I’d had to say, meanwhile. They turned their focus on me again, and I felt them gathering power to strike—and they wouldn’t go with the same attack a second time.

			I shook out my shield bracelet, sending power coursing into it, building up layers of magical defenses in a half-dome shape in front of me. My shield bracelet went scorching hot almost instantly: Even if I’d had the additional magical fuel from all the power in the air, the tool wasn’t designed to handle all the extra juice—but it was my only chance of surviving a strike from all of them.

			“Boot to the head!” I shouted again.

			“Nah, nah?” Butters sang back tentatively.

			“No, dammit!” I screamed. “Boot! Head!” I lifted a foot and waved it.

			Butters’s eyes widened in sudden comprehension. And then went a bit wider in pure intimidation.

			The FSC struck at me with black lightning in staggered bursts. The bolts rained in like a thunderstorm, irregular and savage, spaced maybe half a second apart. I stumbled, fell to a knee, and poured everything I could into the shield, and for a few seconds the world was blinding, deafening fury.

			When it passed, my shield bracelet was actually glowing red-hot at the edges, and I could smell my own scorched hair and flesh, even if I didn’t feel much of it. (I still felt the burn Butters had given me, though. That one wasn’t stopping.) Except for a half circle in front of me, the concrete was seared black for ten feet in every direction—the burn’s end was precisely described by the glowing edge of my shield. There was no sound, no sound at all, other than this ringing sensation in my skull.

			I looked drunkenly back at Butters.

			The little guy stood, put his boot on Mab’s forehead, grabbed the rebar with both hands, and strained to tear it out of her neck.

			Mab’s thin body arched in silent agony.

			The rebar began to slide, slowly at first, as Butters threw his whole weight into it, and then suddenly tore free. Butters went sprawling to one side.

			Mab’s lips moved, and her voice sounded clearly inside my head, even though I couldn’t hear anything else. “Finally.”

			She rose, just levitated the hell up, stiff as a board, like in the old vampire movies, her hair and battle mail covered in blood, and as she did, she lifted her left hand—and suddenly squeezed it into a fist.

			The surge of magic that came out of her was so dense, so intense, that it sent several pieces of stray Styrofoam fill nearby spiraling into the air on what looked like a helical sine wave around her. I looked back at the FSC. The Fomor sorcerer on the left end of the line . . . just sort of . . .

			Did you ever squeeze a handful of red Play-Doh?

			It was like that.

			The Fomor sorcerer hovered suspended, maybe a foot above the sudden large splatter of blood on the ground.

			Mab turned her head to the next sorcerer in the row and flicked her wrist.

			The remains of the first Fomor went flying at the next sorcerer in the line at maybe five hundred meters per second. The impact was . . . really, really messy. And confusing.

			Mab turned to the next Fomor sorcerer, her eyes cold.

			The FSC turned out to be smart enough to know when they were outclassed. And they were outclassed. Mab’s magic had crushed their defenses like empty beer cans. They turned to run, vanishing behind veils as they went.

			Mab watched them flee. Then she turned, still cold, and stalked over to Butters.

			The little guy popped up to his feet and gave me a beseeching look.

			“It would appear that we are in your debt, Sir Doctor Butters,” Mab said. Her voice came to me dimly now. It was ragged and rough, though it grew smoother by the word. The wound on her neck was already nothing more than an angry scar, lightening even as I observed it. The tread of Butters’s boot stood out in blood on her forehead. “Should we both survive the battle, in need you may call our name. We will answer.”

			Her hands flashed out and seized Butters’s white cloak.

			The Knight stiffened. Judging by his hair, he was about two breaths away from panic.

			Mab calmly lifted the cloak to the hem and tore off two large squares.

			Butters looked at me with wide eyes. I made a “go easy” gesture toward him with one hand and with the other put my forefinger over my lips.

			The little guy swallowed and nodded.

			Hey, Butters has got way more guts than sense. But he wasn’t crazy. Mab offering you a favor was an even scarier concept than Mab herself was, generally.

			“Do you find it acceptable repayment?” Mab asked.

			Butters gave her a jerky nod, without speaking.

			“Excellent. Done.” Mab turned to the fallen Winter unicorn and, using the fabric torn from Butters’s cloak like potholders, began drawing rebar spears from the creature’s broken body. There was nothing tentative about her motions: They were workmanlike, and she removed the impaling steel with superhuman ease. To my shock, the creature started thrashing and screaming again after a few of the lengths of steel came out, and upon the last one being removed, it heaved its way to its feet, shaking its head and trumpeting in outrage.

			So the scary horse was immortal, too. Check.

			Mab vaulted to the unicorn’s back with about as much effort as I used to fall into bed, and said, “ ’Ware,” before snapping her fingers.

			All of her blood that had been scattered around, and the unicorn’s, too, abruptly went up into heat and light like flash paper. It left my face and part of my neck seared as if by a sunburn. Butters very briefly managed a Human Torch impersonation and whirled on Mab in shock, the skin of his forehead and cheeks and hands as red as if he’d had them soaking in hot water. “What? Why?”

			“I warned you,” Mab said calmly.

			“She can’t leave her blood lying around,” I said. “Corb and his people use magic. If they get their hands on it, it’d be bad.”

			Butters frowned. He knew a lot more about how magic worked than most people. He was something of a neophyte at sorcery himself, and could manage a few fundamentals, and I could see him running through the possibilities of someone getting a magical handle on Mab through her blood. “Even her?”

			“It is foolish for most to attempt to chain a tigress,” Mab said. Her wide eyes swiveled to me. “Yet chains can be forged—and tigresses can be caged.”

			“Kind of a solid rule, man,” I said. “Doesn’t matter how big something is. If it bleeds, you can bind it.”

			Butters surreptitiously examined his own hands, presumably for any leaking cuts.

			Mab showed her teeth and said, “Indeed.”

			The chittering clicks in the haze ahead of us rose to a crescendo and then suddenly stopped.

			So did the fire falling on the fortifications.

			The night air changed.

			It stilled.

			Everything went completely silent and heavy. Sounds suddenly became immediate, close things, like on a winter night in falling snow.

			The unicorn threw its head back and shook its mane. Mab laid a hand upon the creature’s neck and shivered, leaning forward, her eyes brighter than stars.

			“Ahhhhh,” she said in a slow, sensual exhalation, barely more than a whisper. “Now we come to it.”

			I swallowed and kept my voice low. “She’s here?”

			Mab narrowed her eyes, as if peering through the haze. “The Titan and her”—she glanced aside at me—“frog prince.”

			“How tough is Corb?” I asked.

			“I have heard it said that it is not his destiny to perish before the deepest ocean meets the sun.”

			“Fuck destiny,” I said. “Maybe I’ll free will his ass. How tough?”

			Mab’s teeth showed. “He is your better in power, your better in experience, and your better in treachery.”

			“But I bet he doesn’t have as many friends as me,” I said.

			I held out my fist without looking.

			Butters rapped his knuckles against mine without looking, either.

			“Mortal wizards,” Mab sighed. “Forever meddling in things you do not comprehend.”

			I dredged up a quote from someone I rarely agreed with about anything. “What’s the point of free will, if not to spit in the eye of destiny?”

			“How to phrase this so you will understand,” Mab said calmly, facing the night. “Ah. Destiny is a . . . stone-cold bitch.”

			Which, given the source, was really saying something.

			“There are always consequences, wizard,” Mab continued. “Always a price to pay, to create a new branching of the universe, to bend the course of the great river.”

			The haze of dust and smoke before us suddenly glared scarlet.

			And then, like a curtain, it parted. Just unreeled away from the entirety of Millennium Park, leaving the air clear and clean, so that we could see plainly what was going on.

			“Oh,” Butters breathed. “Oh crap.”

			I swallowed and didn’t say anything.

			I could see the fortifications clearly. One of the walls had slumped inward rather badly, so that I could see the actual amphitheater stage. I carefully allowed input from the banner, and it made my entire body ache with empathy at the sheer number of wounds my people had sustained. Only three hundred and ninety-eight of the volunteers were still alive. Of eleven hundred and eighty-seven, barely a third remained. Most of them were wounded. All of them were terrified.

			Behind us, the forest of rebar was still blocking our retreat in a half circle maybe forty yards across. Beyond that seemed to be nothing more than an empty park. The Sidhe cohort had deserted the field, and I could sense the Winter creatures through the banner, staying out of sight, wary of showing themselves in the now-cleared air.

			There were some wounded in sight, of both sides, struggling weakly on the field where they’d fallen.

			But for all practical purposes, the only ones still standing were me, Butters, and Mab on her nightmare unicorn.

			Four of us.

			And across the field from us stood the enemy.

			Even counting the casualties Mab and her cohort had inflicted, we were outnumbered maybe twelve hundred to one, and that was if you included the unicorn. And even as I watched, the enemy cheated again. Veils shimmered out of existence, revealing more warbands gathered around their banners, mostly of those heavily armored ape-looking things. We’d thought the enemy had come with about seven thousand bad guys. It looked like they’d managed to conceal another three or four thousand of their hardened troops from us.

			I didn’t know the specific numbers in the moment. That came later. I just knew that they’d added a couple of hundred yards’ worth of ugly to the block of bad guys facing us.

			“Wow,” Butters said quietly. His voice was flattened, numbed. “Sure are a lot of them.”

			“It only looks like that because they’re all in the same place, standing close together,” I said.

			Butters eyed me. “Yeah. That’s probably it.”

			All that fighting hadn’t been enough.

			It hadn’t been anything like enough.

			In the center of the enemy line stood the Titan.

			Even across a battlefield, Ethniu’s sheer presence drew the eye with a terrible fascination. The ruddy light from the haze that yet surrounded everything that wasn’t the park gleamed from her armored flesh. She had shed everything that was not made of Titanic bronze, and her form was perfection of beauty, but for the smoldering glare of the Eye. Her presence was a kind of weight on my mind, a gravity that strained space around it and could not be ignored. Somehow, even from a hundred yards away, I could see the loveliness of her features clearly, too magnetic to ignore. She was a creature of sorrow turned to such rage that her beauty had become a knife that stabbed at the eyes of any who looked upon it.

			To look upon her was to look upon an older, more savage universe, a place where Titans strode the formless night and crushed mortal insects beneath their feet—to see a place so brutal and terrifying that even in our legends, humanity had chosen not to remember.

			Her hatred seethed through the smoldering glare of the Eye, in the light of fires of destruction she had brought to my city, a power far older and deeper and more deadly than I had yet known. Beside that power, the massed ranks of the Fomor around her seemed as frail and as transient as fleeting shadows.

			I tore my eyes away.

			Butters was staring at Ethniu, too. He gripped the empty hilt of Fidelacchius in both hands, white-knuckled.

			I nudged him and he jerked his chin toward me, his face pale.

			“Army doesn’t seem nearly so scary now, does it?” I said.

			He stared at me for a second. Then his lips lifted in an awful, sick-looking smile, and he exhaled several unsteady breaths that were laughter’s closest double in that moment. “Heh. Heh, heh, heh. Heh-heh.”

			Moving at exactly the same time, Ethniu and Mab stepped forward.

			“Stay behind me,” Mab murmured as the unicorn’s deadly presence brushed between Butters and me and took position between us and Ethniu. “Be ready.”

			I knew precisely how scary Mab was.

			I gotta say, it felt pretty awesome to watch that creepy unicorn plant its feet as if it intended to hold its ground before an onrushing train, bracing between that threat and us. Mab lifted her chin, faced Ethniu, and raised her slim pale hand.

			Her voice snapped out over the ground, sharp and threatening, like sudden crackling sounds from the face of a glacier. “Hold, crone. You will come no farther.”

			Ethniu faced that statement in silence and stillness for a moment.

			Then she simply smiled and strode a step closer.

			The two monsters faced each other for an endless beat, before Ethniu’s voice throbbed through the air, vibrating painfully through my bones, making my teeth buzz unpleasantly.

			“You began a mewling mortal,” Ethniu replied. Her voice was as loud inside my head as outside, infused with sheer undeniable power. When that voice spoke, reality itself would bow to suit it. “You will end the same way. Powerful as you are, you come of a younger world. A weaker world.”

			“A world that left you behind,” Mab said, mockery ringing in defiance of the power before her.

			Ethniu took a further step forward, the Eye glaring brighter, now cowling her head in scarlet light. “Treacherous little witch. The one who would not bow to my father. You will bow to me or face the Eye.”

			Mab pulled a play from my book.

			She threw back her head and laughed.

			It was a silvery sound, one that somehow shattered the stillness and closeness of the night. Scorn rang in that laughter, and genuine amusement—the cold, alien amusement of a spider. The laughter made the Fomor troops suddenly clutch at their heads. Their lines wavered as the heavily armored troops dropped their weapons and tried to wrap their long arms around their helmeted skulls.

			“You do not know me very well,” Mab said, that ear-shredding laughter still lurking in her voice, “do you?”

			Ethniu rolled another threatening pace forward. “Your pathetic alliance has abandoned you or waits for death. Your bodyguard is reduced to a pair of beasts. And the mortals will arrive only in time to mourn their dead.”

			Butters gasped at the force in that voice and staggered a step to one side. Blood had begun to trickle from one of his nostrils. I grabbed his shoulder and pulled him a little more into the shelter of Mab and the unicorn’s shadow.

			“Harry,” he whispered raggedly. “What the hell are we doing standing here? We should not be here.”

			I felt exactly the same way. These were powers older than the modern world of Chicago, beings that had seen years pass beyond the imagining of mere mortals, borne witness to events of myth and legend with their own eyes. To them, this night had simply been a skirmish, not a major metropolitan-scale apocalypse. Tens of thousands of people had died already this evening. Hundreds of thousands more might follow.

			And my daughter was somewhere behind me.

			The fear and rage I’d been keeping safely bottled all evening, all centered around that one little figure, probably sleeping in the safe room at Michael’s house, flickered with the most infinitesimal of sparks. That spark found ample fuel and began to burn like a tiny star inside me.

			Maggie.

			This bitch was not going to hurt my little girl.

			And with that flicker of knowledge, the kindling of will inside me, the knife at my hip throbbed with a slow, steady, quiet pulse.

			It had a heartbeat.

			“Steady,” I growled. “We’re right where we’re supposed to be.”

			Ethniu began striding forward, her giant form taking steps that would have made mine look like a toddler’s. “Yield!” she bellowed, and the force of it sent the skirt of Mab’s battle-mail dress flying backwards along with the unicorn’s unreasonably silken mane and tail, and Mab’s bloody starlit hair. “Bow!”

			The force of will that condensed on Mab in that word was so dense that I thought it was going to break something. Like maybe the universe. It was a sphere of pure psychic pressure so intense that I knew that if it had been directed at me, it would have compressed my mind into something too dense and inert to function, like a tiny diamond formed from crushed coal.

			I’m what you might call oppositionally defiant to authoritarian figures. Someone who doesn’t always do as he’s told. Maybe even a little bit of a troublemaker.

			That will would have crushed mine, flat.

			Period.

			It wasn’t a question of weakness or strength. This was simply power orders of magnitude beyond my ability to contest. The force of that will wasn’t even directed at me, and it was everything I could do not to fall to my knees and beg for forgiveness in the face of that terrible rage.

			Butters had an excellently ordered mind, but he hadn’t had the training I had in mental defenses. He let out a sob of utter despair and would have fallen if I hadn’t had his shoulder. I dropped to a knee with him, steadying him as he swayed, his entire body trembling violently.

			Except for one hand. It stayed steady on the Sword.

