			Ethniu lurched, her foot not bleeding, but brutally broken and no longer supporting her weight—and Hendricks hit her at the hips like the linebacker he’d once been. Titan and professional bruiser went down together—and without an instant’s hesitation, Marcone drew his last and largest pistol, shoved the barrel into the Titan’s natural eye, and pulled the trigger.

			There was a howl of sound, a flash of purple light that seared my retinas, and Ethniu’s head jerked back and to one side.

			Again, without hesitation, Marcone dropped the pistol, drew a knife, and knelt to drive it into the same eye.

			Ethniu kicked. There was the sound of multiple wet sticks snapping. Hendricks gasped. Gard raised her axe again, but the Titan simply seized her leg around the knee and twisted. Bones and ligaments snapped. Gard went down screaming.

			Hands shot to Marcone, supernaturally swift, but the Baron of Chicago hadn’t waited around to see them coming and was already in a roll over one shoulder and away before she could seize him.

			The Titan sat up. There was a ring of powder burn around her natural eye, a little redness, and otherwise not a mark on her. She kicked Marcone’s legs out from under him as he began to rise, sending him sprawling to one side.

			Ethniu lifted the spear.

			“No!” I shouted. I triggered the last couple of blasts of kinetic force from my staff, emptying it, but the press was too close, and armored troopers soaked up the blasts before they could get to Ethniu.

			The spear came down.

			Hendricks took it.

			The big man, the gangster’s long-term bodyguard, threw himself in the way of the spear.

			It struck home, hard and clean. It transfixed Hendricks diagonally, going in above his collarbone, coming out around his kidneys. The resistance of his body guided the head of the spear off course. It struck into the earth beside Marcone’s head.

			Hendricks glowered up at the Titan. And spat.

			And died.

			Eyes still open and on his foe.

			Gard screamed in simple, ancient, human anguish.

			And Marcone slid around his dead friend’s back, seized the automatic shotgun from its harness on Hendricks’s chest, swung the barrel up into the Titan’s face, and emptied the magazine.

			Ethniu reeled back, shielding her face with her arms and screaming in fury. She was showing more weakness—she had ignored fire that had come at her earlier, but Marcone’s rounds had caused her pain. She swung the spear to one side and back, slamming Marcone with Hendricks’s limp body with a hideous finality of impact. Then she whipped the spear free, sending a column of lightning tearing into the Archive’s position. Ramirez grabbed the girl and yanked her out of the way, but Ethniu had regained her footing.

			A needle of fire so bright that it hurt my eyes lashed into Ethniu’s body at the waist, where she had to twist and bend, and where the armor just couldn’t have been as thick. It drew a hiss of discomfort and annoyance from her, and she whirled the spear and smashed back at my grandfather with more lightning. The old man got a shield up in time, but Cristos had been a half heartbeat slow. He was flung to one side, burning, body going limp and rag doll in the violence of the explosion.

			Then, as my grandfather recovered, Ethniu bounded forward, superhumanly agile even mostly on one leg, and struck him with the butt end of the spear.

			My grandfather was a quarterstaff fighter with lifetimes of experience. And he was in damned fine condition for a man who had seen birthdays in four different centuries. But he was about five six and mortal. She was a nine-foot protogoddess. He pulled two deflection parries he should never have survived, much less made cleanly, and then she kicked him with her wounded leg.

			She didn’t break his ribs. Her virtually invincible shin hit him with a low roundhouse in the hips, the side of the pelvis.

			It was like a kid snapping a stick.

			My grandfather went down hard. Unmoving.

			The Titan’s lips twisted in disgust. She bent down, tore a head from a corpse with about as much trouble as me plucking a grape, and flung it at the Archive. Her aim was perfect. The girl was just struggling up out of the mud when the flying head hit her at the top of her sternum and hammered her back down.

			Hell’s bells.

			There was a bounding sound in the darkness, and River Shoulders flew through the air at Ethniu. She slammed at him with a bolt of lightning, but the bespectacled Sasquatch had evidently watched some home improvement videos or something. He was still airborne as the lightning hit, and he had timed it perfectly. There was nowhere for the current to latch on and ground out, and he passed through the bolt of lightning with little more consequence than some of his hair being set on fire.

			The flaming Sasquatch hit Ethniu like a runaway truck—hitting a runaway truck barrier.

			The Titan simply dug a heel into the ground and accepted River Shoulders’ charge. She arrested it completely. Then she got ahold of his good arm and dislocated it with a twist.

			River Shoulders screamed.

			Lightning struck, a hawk cried in fury, and then a goddamned grizzly bear fell out of the night sky and onto Ethniu’s head.

			Don’t care how Titanic you are. No one expects an orbital-drop grizzly.

			The bear’s fangs and claws raked at the Titan, leaving smoldering, glowing marks on her armor, but she simply hammered the thing with the butt of her spear until it dropped away, stunned. She swung the spear like a club, screaming in mindless rage, and broke the bear’s back like it was made of balsa wood.

			The bear screamed in pain and fear—and suddenly Listens-to-Wind lay where the bear had been, prostrate and racked with obvious agony.

			In seconds, she had killed or crippled virtually every other major hitter on the field.

			Hell’s bells.

			Divine combat. Heavy-duty magical combat. Physical combat.

			We were playing rock, paper, scissors with the Titan, and each of us could only do one. She could always pull scissors to our paper, paper to our rock, rock to our scissors. And if she got bored, she could always pull out Even Better Scissors, Rock, or Paper. God, from what I’d seen and heard about her, she wasn’t even an experienced warrior. She was a noob. She was simply a power an order of magnitude beyond anything facing her. And she was beating us.

			But she was breathing hard now. She was paying a price for her victory.

			How do you eat a Titan?

			One bite at a time.

			Sanya and Butters didn’t speak to each other. Simultaneously, they simply flew forward at the Titan as we finally broke through the troops and had a shot at her. Butters went right. Sanya went left. The light of the Swords could have illuminated a stadium.

			But here’s the thing about the Swords. The thing no one had told me, that I’d had to learn through years of observation.

			The Swords could work miracles when it came to facing off against the forces of darkness. But it wasn’t their job to decide the fight. The Swords, and the Knights, weren’t given power to crush their enemies wholesale. They existed to level the field—to create a choice where one wouldn’t have otherwise been possible. The Swords gave the Knights an absolute power to contest the will of darkness.

			But the Swords could not give them victory.

			Swords don’t do that. Swords have never done that.

			Victory comes from the mind, the heart, and the will. From people.

			What is the sword compared to the hand that wields it?

			All around us, the battle hung in the balance, poised. It could have gone one way or the other, and a feather’s touch could have made the difference in which way it fell.

			I lifted a hand. I had retooled the top of my staff weeks before. It had been fit very closely, so close that you couldn’t see the seam when it was closed. The svartalves had used lasers when I commissioned it. I unscrewed a four-inch section from the top of the staff, where a simple bolt and socket had been set.

			Then I drew the dagger from my belt.

			My heartbeat thundered in my ears.

			The handle of the dagger had been set with the same size socket as the cap of the staff. I set it on the end and spun it, and the well-oiled bolt whirled into place and locked with a simple hinged hook over one side of the dagger’s hilt, to keep it from unscrewing.

			Then I gathered power. The runes of the weapon’s haft flared into green-gold light that pulsed in intensity along with the thunder of my heart.

			The knife at the head didn’t burst into flame or anything. It just became . . . colder. The edges harder, sharper, more real—so real that anything that you looked at in the background beyond the spear seemed . . . blurry. Symbolic. Transitory.

			That weapon carried reality woven into it, dark and hard and unalterable. I felt my will and the weapon’s head vibrating in harmony, along with my heartbeat.

			I slammed the butt end of the Spear of Destiny on the ground, and green and gold fire leapt up in a ring around me.

			The impact vibrated against my hand and I felt it go out into the ground through the soles of my sneakers. I could sense the substance of the Spear stirring, forming, almost awakening. It drew some of its energy from me. My heart rate started to climb.

			“Hey! Regina George!” I called, and my voice echoed over the field as if on loudspeakers.

			Thrum-thrum, went the power of the Spear. Thrum-thrum. Thrum-thrum.

			Ethniu’s head whipped toward me, her eye focused on the Spear, wide and alarmed—while Butters and Sanya rushed to flank her.

			“Yeah,” I said, and started wearily forward. “Enough foreplay. Time for the main event.”





Chapter





Thirty-three



Sanya and Waldo and I rushed the Last Titan, and Chicago hung in the balance.

			Around us, armies clashed drunkenly. Marcone’s amateurs fought like hell beside mine. They didn’t fight well, but they fought hard—and when they went down, they did not go alone. Etri’s people were simply terrifying—blurs that moved across the battle, striking from almost complete invisibility, and could sink into the earth and emerge from it anywhere they wanted, at will.

			If we’d had a legion of svartalves, we wouldn’t have needed anyone else. But they weren’t a numerous people—and they were directing their efforts to spearheading the attack of the relief force, to join up with the Winter Lady’s cohorts.

			Lara’s people fought beside them.

			Watching the two groups work together was like some kind of bizarre outtake from the Cirque du Soleil. Lara’s fighters sailed through the air with the greatest of ease, taking thirty-foot strides in great, leaping bounds, moving almost weightlessly, their shroud-armor fluttering and snapping. As I watched, the wavery figure of a svartalf emerged from the earth and dragged a minor Fomor’s ankles into the ground. Even as it did, a white figure flashed by, spinning a blade on the end of a pole in a smooth arc, and killed the enemy sorcerer as easily as a beast at slaughter, and I saw the unmistakable silvery eyes of Lara Raith as she went by. She snapped the weapon up in a salute to the svartalf warrior as she passed, then engaged a band of war-beasts and their handlers, only to have half a dozen more wavery figures emerge from the ground behind her foes as they surrounded her, a counterambush that annihilated the bunch.

			Lara’s eyes and mine met for a dangerous second—and she immediately shifted her direction, bounding across the savage battlefield like a fluttering pale spirit, toward Ethniu’s back.

			Sanya, as tough as Butters and more athletic, got to Ethniu first.

			The Titan lashed out with the spear’s head, sending it whipping through an arc that would have severed Sanya’s neck if he hadn’t dropped into a slide. He came through with the old cavalry saber held in both hands and struck at the Titan’s other foot.

			Ethniu knew the power of the Swords at this point, and she dodged out of the way—forcing her weight onto her wounded leg and sending her down to a knee.

			Butters, going by the other side, whipped Fidelacchius through a circle—and Ethniu struck him right on the chin with the butt end of her stolen spear with a simple lightning-fast jab while he did it.

			Which is why you shouldn’t learn fighting moves from the movies.

			Butters went flying back into the mud and didn’t move.

			Half the light on the field went out.

			Sanya regained his feet, behind the Titan, and charged as she began to rise, the head of the spear orienting on the unmoving form of the Knight of Faith. Before she could finish him, Sanya slammed into her back and smashed her down into the mud.

			Ethniu twisted on the way down and hammered an awkward blow at Sanya with one arm. The Knight of Hope caught the blow on the blade of Esperacchius.

			And again, a Titan screamed.

			Maybe two thousand individuals from both armies simply collapsed to the ground, howling in agony as a wave of psychic pain washed out of the Titan. It felt like my arm had been set on fire.

			But it sure as hell wasn’t the first time.

			This time, I’d been ready, bracing myself against the Titan’s suffering, and surged through it like a swimmer breaking through the first wave at the beach. I closed the last few yards, slammed my feet down hard to brace them, and thrust the Spear at the Titan’s face.

			Ethniu swept her stolen spear from left to right like a windshield wiper, and she was fast, way faster than she’d looked when I hadn’t been within stab range. I tried to slip the parry but was just too slow, and she batted the Spear aside, seized Sanya by a handful of his mail shirt, and threw him at me with about as much energy as a runaway golf cart.

			We both went down in a heap, hard enough to take breath and cause stars and comets to whirl in front of us.

			Esperacchius spun out of Sanya’s hands.

			There was blood on it.

			The Titan’s blood.

			Ethniu glanced at a smoldering pile of what was mostly corpses, their body fat blazing in flames where one of the bolts of lightning or flying shards of Power had struck incidental targets. With the head of the spear, she flicked the Sword of Hope, smeared with blood too red to be real, into the fire.

			And then she thrust her wounded arm into it, her expression twisting with pain as the fire scorched and boiled the wound.

			The light of the Sword died.

			Hundreds screamed with the Titan’s pain.

			And the world suddenly got a whole hell of a lot darker.

			“Trinkets of the Redeemer,” she snarled, her voice absolutely bubbling with hatred. She rose, whipping her burned arm out of the fire. The wound hadn’t been a very big one, even struck with Esperacchius, and she had cauterized it closed, apparently. Though the surface of her bronze skin was untouched, the flesh inside the wound had been charred like meat on a grill. “Maggots crawling on our beautiful world. Infesting it. Humans.”

			Hate seethed through her, vibrated off her like heat from a fire. The Titan twisted her face in a rictus of concentration.

			And the Eye kindled to scarlet life and began to brighten.

			“Damn,” Sanya muttered, as the Titan turned toward us. The scarlet warlight of the Eye let me at least see Sanya. The big man was lying on his back. Something in the area of his collarbone was . . . just wrong, under the skin. It wasn’t shaped like humans were supposed to be shaped. His voice was thready, and he panted as though each inhalation was of pure fire. “Was pretty sure that would work.”

			“Get her,” I said. “Not much of a plan.”

			“No. For next time, need better plan.”

			I blinked and looked at the Russian as the red glare brightened.

			“Next time?”

			He grinned at me, though he couldn’t move, in sheer mad defiance.

			Supercool magical pokey stick or not, I didn’t have what it took to stand up to power on the order of magnitude of the Eye of Balor. My heaviest magical punch was nowhere close to what my grandfather could throw, and that hadn’t gotten through her armor, either. Even if I was a lot better, even if I threw it out as a death curse, the best spell I had wouldn’t surpass what the old man could do.

			And I still hadn’t gotten to her blood.

			If I was going to bind the Titan, I needed that. And I needed her closer to the water.

			The Spear quivered with power, and I could feel the sheer metaphysical mass of the thing, its utter reality. It was, in many ways, just a spear. But it was a spear to everything. If I could stick it in the Titan, she would bleed.

			But she was twenty rough feet away. And I’d have to get close enough to even have a shot at hitting her. And she’d have to be so slow that merely human reflexes could manage the task.

			None of which was going to happen before she unleashed the Eye.

			But I shoved myself to my feet, Spear in hand, brought forth my shield, and stepped forward, in front of the fallen Knight of Hope. No particular reason to do it. Not a lot of hope to be had.

			The enemy had come at us, out of nowhere, far stronger than we had expected, and we’d done everything we could.

			It hadn’t been enough.

			I faced the Titan’s hate and fury and acknowledged that I couldn’t beat it. But I figured I could die as well as Hendricks had—on my feet, face to the foe, between her and my friend.

			And, twenty yards away, the swirl of battle stirred, and I saw One-Eye’s shadowy form on the ground where he’d fallen.

			He lifted his head.

			He opened his eye.

			It gleamed like a smoldering coal in the shadow.

			And Odin, Father of the Aesir, spoke, his voice a deep resonance that shook the air with gentle power. “Gungnir.”

			I knew the translation of the weapon’s name, a bit of useless trivia that had stuck in my head.

			Swayer.

			A rune burst into scarlet light upon the Spear’s blade.

			And, like a snake, the weapon of the gods the Titan had stolen turned in her hand, whipping about with lightning speed. As it did, runes burst into light all along the length of the blade and haft alike, suddenly blazing with energy.

			And the weapon plunged with vicious, absolute precision into the Eye of Balor.

			A wall of light hit me. I don’t mean it was bright. I mean I got hit with a physical force the likes of which I had seldom experienced. If I hadn’t had the shield up and ready, it would have obliterated me.

			Shield or not, I was flung to the ground, and I fought to keep myself between the torrent and the fallen Knights. The world was white. Sound was just a high-pitched, endless tone. Reality was pain.

			When the world came back again, Ethniu was on one knee. Her right hand rested on the ground. Half of her skull was burned to the bone. Black. The Eye glowered within its socket, flames and semisolid plasma gathered around it. The arm that had been holding Gungnir was gone. Just gone, right around the elbow, the flesh burned to a withered stump. Blinding light seethed from what looked like cracks on the Eye’s surface.

			And.

			Stars and stones.

			The damned creature lifted her maimed head. Half of her face was untouched. And she focused her gaze, equal parts mind-numbing beauty and screaming horror, and brought the Eye to bear on me.

			Lara rose from behind that hideous head, leaping from a good fifty feet off. She sailed through the air with a grace that was more like that of an insect than a bird, spun as she came, and delivered a kick that could have inspired poetry to the back of the Titan’s skull. She put everything into it as she came, the full power of a White Court vampire unleashing her stored strength all at once. Lara could have driven that kick through a battleship’s hull.

			She hit the Titan in the base of the skull.

			The kick couldn’t hurt Ethniu.

			But the Eye, the Eye flew out of its socket and landed on the muddy ground, a little bigger than a softball, glowing with sullen rising fire.

			A fire that had the potential to consume anything that was.

			Including Ethniu.

			The Titan clutched at her maimed face and her expression suddenly became subsumed with terror.

			She lurched for the Eye.

			So did I.

			So did Lara.

			We hit in a tangled confusion of bodies. The Eye skittered away.

			It bounced and rolled and came to a stop against the boots of Hendricks’s corpse.

			And John Marcone popped out of the shadows near Hendricks’s body, seized it, gave me a ferocious glare, and sprinted toward Lake Michigan.

			Ethniu thrust her good hand at me, but Lara was quick. She kicked at the Titan’s arm, deflecting some of the power of the blow, and it only sent me rolling across the muddy ground.

			“Go!” Lara screamed, her eyes as bright as mirrors. She whipped her weapon—I think the Japanese called it a naginata—at the Titan, to no more effect than leaving sullen red lines of heat upon the Titanic bronze coating Ethniu’s form.

			Ethniu batted Lara aside like a rag doll and rose—only to stumble, as Lara’s shroud-armor writhed off the vampire like a living thing, like some kind of bizarre invertebrate from the deep sea, and wrapped around the Titan’s knees, binding them together. Ethniu fell back down again and was forced to briefly struggle against the living cloth.

			Lara, naked as a jaybird, her pale skin gleaming, almost glowing, scrambled to one side and thrust her weapon at the Titan’s fingers, trying to keep them from getting hold of the binding armor.

			“She wants the Eye!” Lara screamed. “Go, Harry!”

			The Spear felt heavy in my hands. It still had the power to hurt the Titan. But even with the backup of the Winter mantle, I was too battered and slow to get through to her.

			And I needed to get her to the water anyway.

			Marcone knew the plan. And he’d been thinking about it harder than me.

			So I flung myself after him, plunging out of the clear air around the battlefield and into the choking, smoky haze over the city.

			It was getting hard to tell where the park had been. The ground had been torn apart by the forces unleashed there. We got to where the footbridge had stood and found that Ethniu had used the Eye to facilitate the crossing of the avenue below for her army. She had blown the bridge and the retaining walls into slopes of rubble. And the area beyond was even worse. Streets, buildings, trees, light poles, everything that had not been able to flee had suffered destruction as if she had risen from the lake and pounded everything in her line of sight to rubble with the power of the Eye. The retaining wall beside the water was . . . just kind of a really, really rocky beach now.

			I caught up to Marcone as he scrambled across the rough ground, running wherever possible. When I finally drew up beside him, he increased his pace, and I was hard-pressed to stay with him. Granted, he didn’t look like he’d been through as much physical discomfort as I had that night, but even so he moved damned well, and like he’d been to places like this before.

			“Can we use the weapon?” he asked in a terse tone as we ran.

			Behind us, Ethniu let out a scream of rage, and there was a sound like metal cables tearing.

			Then she screamed again. And it was closer.

			“Maybe I could,” I panted. “If I had a lifetime to study it. But probably not. Something like that isn’t meant for mortals.”

			“Then we have no other option,” Marcone said. “What do you need for the binding?”

			“Her blood,” I said.

			And I started tearing at the bag I’d carried tied shut on my belt for most of the night.

			Ethniu screamed again, closer. She wasn’t moving much faster than we were. She’d had one hell of a night, too. Hell’s bells, for all I knew she was using echolocation. She had every other damned advantage.

			“I take it your weapon can accomplish that?” he asked.

			“I don’t know,” I said honestly. We’d reached the beach by then, and clambered down the slope of broken rock to the edge of the water. “But it was good enough for the Son of God. I figure it’s in the right league.”

			Marcone’s eyes widened. One of his hands twitched. “And the adults let you have it?”

			There was a clatter of rock on rock behind us.

			“There’s not much justice in the world,” I said. “This thing might work. It might not. Takes some pretty serious power to hurt her. Like, angel-level power.”

			“The Swords,” he said.

			“Butters is new,” I said. “He did something without thinking. This is what we’ve got.”

			In the haze, in which visibility had dropped to maybe thirty feet, I heard something breathing, the bubble of a slight snarl on every exhale.

			Marcone crouched, tense.

			“Do you at least have a gun?” I asked. “Maybe you can distract her.”

			“I have a knife,” Marcone said.

			“Jusht like a gangshter,” I said. “Bringsh a knife to an apocalypshe fight.”

			Marcone gave me a level look and then said, in a much more conversational tone, “Honestly, Dresden. If you used your mind half as much as your mouth, you’d be running the place by now.” He held up the Eye and spoke patiently. “I have what she wants. I will distract her.” He clambered over several yards away from me and fell silent, watching the murky shadows.

			I wanted to say something back, about how he was a running mouth, but instead I fell silent, gathered up some of my power, and shaped it into the mildest, softest veil I could around me. Too much power in it, and Ethniu might become aware of the energies in motion.

			She was wounded now. Hunting. Hurting. Furious. Frightened.

			Like one of us.

			She’d be focused on retrieving the Eye, focused on securing its power, on wiping away her enemies, who were everyone, forever.

			I wouldn’t matter unless I got between her and the Eye.

			So I stood still and silent and let the haze of the battle and the more subtle effort of my will gather around me. And waited.

			It wasn’t long.

			Ethniu came down the slope on all fours, crawling with perfect grace and mangled limbs, like a wounded spider, holding herself up on the stump of her arm as easily as if she’d been born that way. Her burned face was . . . sort of seething, with some kind of thick mist or steam, as her body fought the injuries Odin had inflicted.

			Her eye locked on Marcone and she let out a low, cackling exhalation.

			“The mortal who thinks himself a lord,” the Titan purred.

			“Fool,” Marcone replied by way of greeting, his tone polite and pitched to carry loudly.

			“What?” Ethniu demanded.

			“If you had a mind,” Marcone said, “you would have used restraint. You would have arisen from the water with no warning to anyone. You would have unleashed a wave of expendable troops on the city, blown down a building or two, and returned to the sea to watch the havoc unfold.” He shook his head. “I will simply never understand the need some people seem to feel to be proven correct in front of their enemies. It’s quite childish.”

			I blinked.

			Was Marcone . . . talking smack?

			“Give me what is mine, mortal,” Ethniu snarled. “And I will kill you swiftly.”

			“Your negotiating skills would seem to need work as well,” Marcone added.

			Behind us, there was a series of roaring detonations, from back by the park. Sorcery, maybe.

			I was an idiot. An exhausted, terrified idiot. Marcone didn’t do anything just to be doing it.

			He was providing cover for me.

			So I started moving whenever they spoke, as soft and quiet as I knew how. It wasn’t as quiet as usual. I’d just been too battered. Even now, I didn’t feel pain, exactly. Mostly my body just seemed very confused about what the hell was going on. One moment it would be too hot, the next freezing, and nothing felt like it was moving quite right, so my balance kept wobbling. The Winter mantle had been stretched to its limits. Or rather, it had stretched me to mine.

			It felt like I was getting closer to Game Over than I had before.

			“You aren’t anyone,” the Titan said. “You’re nothing. Just an animal. An animal near the top of its class on one little world.”

			“And yet, I walk where I will,” Marcone said. “I sleep where and when I please. I eat when I hunger. I choose what to make of my life. I am free.”

			I crept closer.

			“Who are you?” Marcone asked back, his voice ringing defiance. “A daughter unloved by her monstrous father? Sold and traded like a horse? Hiding in a dark cave with her useless hangers-on for millennia? And now lashing out with her daddy’s gun.” He shook his head and bounced the Eye in his hand. “It appears that it is better to be a mortal than a Titan, these days.”

			She crept closer, vibrating with tension. “Give me,” she seethed, “the Eye.”

			Marcone stared at the Titan and appeared to choose his words the way a surgeon would his implements. “Be a good girl,” he said. “And go get it.”

			With an expression of absolute nonchalant contempt, he tossed the smoldering Eye over his shoulder and into the waters of Lake Michigan.

			Which instantly began to boil.

			I was close.

			The Titan bared her teeth in a hideous grimace, enraged beyond making a sound, beyond even attempting communication, and came at him.

			A rock rolled beneath my ankle.

			Without an instant’s hesitation, Ethniu spun and flung a rock at me with her good hand.

			I saw it coming and felt like a moron. Ethniu had had no reason to have a conversation with Marcone. She’d known I was there all along, but she hadn’t known exactly where. So she’d been using the slight sound of my own movements to get a fix on my location. The rock was enough to give me away.

			But Marcone had struck her where it hurt—in the feelings. What he’d said had been defiant enough, disrespectful enough, to send her into a rage. She could have flicked that stone at me carefully, like a dart thrower, beaned me in the head, and that would have been that. But she didn’t. She threw it hard, sidearm, like a major-league pitcher, her rage giving the motion away so that I had an instant to counter her.

			I turned my shoulder into the stone and it hit me like a sledgehammer.

			My coat stopped the worst of it, which meant that all I got was a broken arm. Left one, middle of my forearm. The rock shattered against me, and if the coat kept me alive, it still felt like I’d been kicked by a particularly powerful and hostile horse.

			I went down with a cry.

			My body felt like a car that didn’t want to start, and my limbs filled with a bone-crushing weariness. The toll the night had put on me was becoming physically unsupportable. I slammed a hand to the ground to push myself up, or tried to. The actual movements my body performed seemed a lot feebler than I had intended. But I got back up, just as the Titan slithered across the rocks to Marcone.

			Steel gleamed in the Baron’s hand. Maybe a four-inch blade, black composite handle, modern diver’s knife, very plain. Very much not epic or apocalyptic.

			Marcone stabbed at her. A child would have done better against a professional wrestler.

			Ethniu’s good arm blurred. She seized him by the throat, lifted him with no noticeable effort, gave her arm a little bob, a little twist, and broke his neck.

			I watched Marcone jerk and go limp.

			She rose to a knee, her good leg planted in the boiling water, and threw the corpse away like an empty beer can.

			The Baron of Chicago landed on the rocks, boneless and broken.

			A roar went up from the battlefield behind us.

			The blue beam of light rising into the night like a vague, glowing moonbeam, above the embattled forces of the Winter Lady, flickered and dimmed.

			Ethniu let out a bubbling, almost disbelieving laugh. Then she prowled like a beast down into the roiling water and slipped beneath it. I could see her reaching out a hand toward the light of the Eye.

			I staggered over to Marcone’s body. Broken neck didn’t kill you right away.

			Nobody ought to die alone.

			And when I got there, he sat up.

			I fell back with a manly high-pitched scream.

			Marcone’s head was twisted way too far around to one side. He rolled his neck as if stretching out. There was series of hideous little pops in his neck and then he shook his head back and forth as if easing a cramp, and his neck just . . . unbroke.

			Marcone gave me a bland look and held up his knife.

			Its blade was covered in blood, too bright red to be real.

			I blinked and stared at the knife. Then up at him.

			“What the actual fuck?” I asked.

			I felt my eyes widen.

			Celestial power, they had said, to get through the Titanic bronze.

			Or infernal.

			Marcone’s eyes wrinkled at the corners in genuine amusement. “Honestly, Dresden. Did you think I’d stop with the title?”

			And in the center of his forehead, his skin flushed and stirred and then began to glow in a lambent purple light in the shape of an angelic rune.

			A pair of glowing violet eyes etched in light opened on his forehead, just above his own eyebrows.

			And with a little ripple, black thorns that would have been at home on particularly wild roses began to emerge from his skin, in a pattern on his face and stirring beneath his shirt.

			“I believe you needed this,” he said, offering me the handle of the knife. “And I believe time is short.”

			I took the knife, staring.

			Sir Gentleman Johnnie Marcone, Baron of Chicago, Knight of the Blackened Denarius, the bearer of the Master of Sorcery, Thorned Namshiel, calmly rose and divested himself of the pirate bandoliers. He reached up to undo his tie and tossed it to one side. Then he loosened his collar so that the thorns in his skin weren’t pressing on it, and unbuttoned the shirt, evidently to make himself more comfortable there, too.

			The coin of Thorned Namshiel, one of a set of thirty, rested on an almost unbearably fine silver chain against Marcone’s chest.

			“I believe Namshiel and I can play for a draw against her,” he said. “But not for long. You must complete the binding as quickly as you can.”

			“I,” I said. “Buh.”

			Marcone turned and slapped me.

