			Whupwhupwhupwhupwhupwhupwhupwhup.

			We’d all heard choppers coming before. But not like this. This was magnified tenfold over anything I’d heard from the machines. This sounded more like weather.

			Our side immediately began withdrawing from the shoreline, and the enemy broke into a desperate sprint for the water. I saw King Corb and his retinue leading the way, mainly because they blasted to death any of their own people too slow to clear their path and leapt over their bodies. They hit the water maybe ten seconds before the cavalry came.

			It was just poetry that the broken overcast had begun to lighten out over the lake, and that the first rays of dawn turned the eastern horizon to a band of gold.

			The enemy did their best to get away—but the very destruction they’d leveled in order to come ashore laid them bare to the guns of the Apache attack ships that came overhead. Those big cannons under their chins started going chunk-chunk-chunk-chunk-chunk, like a thundercloud playing steel percussion. Explosions started ripping through the Fomor as they tried to flee.

			What came next was every bit as hideous and savage and thorough as anything that had happened that evening.

			But it was a lot more impersonal.

			That cavalry unit swept the “beach” clean. Which was an odd turn of phrase to use, given what a mess they made of it. By the time they were done, everyone there looked like they had gone through a food processor.

			I bore witness, too tired to care about the odd clatter of shrapnel that came near. Then I turned my back on it and started slogging my way back toward the Bean.

			There would be a lot of people in uniforms asking questions soon. I wanted to get Murph clear of them.

			As I walked, a gentle, steady rain began. At first, it almost seemed black—even with what had already fallen, there was so much particulate matter in the air that the rain literally came down muddy. But after a few moments, that lessened, and then the water began to fall clean over the war-torn city.

			I stopped for a moment and let it fall over me, too, with my eyes closed.

			When I opened them, a pair of large wolves sat on the street in front of me, and I realized they’d been standing guard. The bulkier of the two looked at me with obvious relief. The taller and leaner came and leaned against my side a little.

			Will and Georgia had come through okay.

			We all walked together toward the Bean.

			There were knots of order, here and there, of the city beginning to lurch into motion again as the light began to gather. A group of EMTs and medics had arrived and established a triage station for the injured. They were working frantically to save the wounded defenders of the city. I saw Lamar crouching down beside a dazed-looking Ramirez, pressing a bottle of water into the Warden’s hands as medics bundled Ebenezar onto a stretcher. I saw my grandfather wave a vague, irritated hand at a medic trying to press an oxygen mask over his mouth, and part of me sagged in relief that my friend and the crusty old bastard had survived.

			There were plenty of wounded to work with. They were piling them up around the base of the Bean.

			“Harry!” boomed Sanya as I approached. He waved an arm from where he’d been stretched out on the concrete with what was obviously a pair of broken legs to go with his other injuries. “There, you see? Next time, we know better! Make better plan!”

			I slogged over to him with my furry escort. Butters was lying next to Sanya, carefully flat on his back, his arms folded in a funeral pose. There were two more wolves lying on either side of him, and both looked as though they’d tear to pieces anything that tried to harm him.

			“Sir Butters,” I said gravely.

			“Nngh,” Butters said. “My jaw. My back.”

			“Is fine,” Sanya boomed cheerfully. “If it was really bad, you feel nothing at all. Is good, all this pain!”

			Butters squinted at me without moving his head and spoke without taking his teeth apart. “So you got her?”

			“It’s done,” I said.

			“Sweet,” Butters said, and closed his eyes. “I’m going to sleep for a week.”

			“Good, good, you rest until we can find some food,” Sanya told him. “I am starving.”

			“Cheerful for a man in your condition,” I noted, peering at him.

			“We are too alive to not be cheerful, eh, wizard?” He reached up and clapped my forearm. The burned one. Cheerfully.

			I winced. And laughed a little.

			Lara’s people were doing a lot of the work, I realized. The members of the House itself were gathered together over to one side, a good fifty yards from anyone, and the pale glitter of hungry vampire eyes told me why. But her hired help, led by Riley, was assisting with the wounded, sharing out water and sorting those in need of immediate care from those who could wait by the Archive—who sported what looked like a broken nose and radiated a sense of . . . not command, but the tangible, absolute authority wielded by those with sure and certain knowledge in an emergency.

			Well. The living repository of the accumulated knowledge of mankind probably had a real good idea of the most appropriate measures to take in any given emergency. If she told me what to do in this situation, I’d probably listen and pitch in as well.

			I lost track for a bit after that, and found myself seated in the shadow of the Bean, a cup of water in my hands, my staff at my side, the Eye heavy in my pocket. Molly, now wearing what looked like a fireman’s coat, put her fingers under my hands and lifted, nudging the water toward my lips. I drank.

			I looked up at her, coughed out some smoke, and then croaked, “Where’d you hide them? Our family?”

			She glanced at me and then smiled faintly. “Right across the street. Where they could watch the whole thing. Like in Fellowship.”

			“Clever girl,” I said.

			She showed me a vulpine smile.

			“They’re calling you the Eye-Killer,” she said. “Rumors are spreading about how you defeated a Titan.”

			“She had gone through a few sparring partners before she got to me,” I said. “I was just batting cleanup.” I looked around us and said, “Look what we’ve brought upon them, Molls.”

			She looked. There were a lot of hurt people. Most of them bore their pain quietly. A few couldn’t. And a lot of them would never make another sound, except during decomposition.

			“We have to answer for this,” I said quietly. “We have to help. The wounded.” I didn’t look back at the dark opening in the base of the Bean. “The dead. We owe them. You know I’m right.”

			“That could be a tough sell,” she said in quiet answer.

			“I’m not asking,” I said. “My fealty is a two-way street. I have gone above and beyond my duty to Winter, right in front of God and everybody, by doing what no one else could. Now Winter will respond in kind, by helping as no one else can. You will help them. Every one of them. Do it in secret, no connections. We’ve interfered in their lives enough. This will happen.”

			The Winter Lady gave me a very long, very intent stare.

			And then she shivered and bowed her head.

			“Already you have bound a Titan. And now a Queen. Sometimes,” Molly whispered, “I’m very proud to be your friend, Harry. And sometimes you frighten me.”

			Sometimes I frightened the Winter Lady.

			I shook my head. Molly was soon called away to her royal matters. She had plenty of wounded of her own who needed tending to.

			I looked over at a slight rise in the ground where Mab and Titania stood, their respective unicorns standing nearby. The Winter unicorn was mostly coated in thick mud. The rain was washing it slowly clean. The two Queens simply faced each other, silent.

			I propped my chin in my hand and watched, fascinated.

			“The rain was a kind touch,” Mab said finally. “There were a number of fires it checked.”

			“You understand what has happened,” Titania replied quietly. “What it means.”

			“I expect you to do your duty,” Mab said.

			Titania’s expression flickered in pain. “When have I not?”

			Mab nodded. Titania matched the gesture. Then a warm southern wind blew a curtain of gentle rain around her and the Summer unicorn, and when it faded they were gone.

			Mab walked over to me, moving as if her bones were made of fragile porcelain. She stood staring down at me for a moment.

			“And so. The man who has bound a Titan. What will you do with her, I wonder.”

			I squinted up at Mab. Then snorted. “Leave her buried. Bury her deeper if I can.”

			Mab stared at me. “The creature is bound to you, Warden. Your will can compel her now. The power of a Titan, at your beck and call.”

			Which was true enough, in its way. Ethniu was my prisoner. I could . . . extract service from her. It would be tricky and treacherous as hell, but wizards had done it before, with beings of tremendous supernatural power. It was possible.

			Just . . . massively, massively unwise.

			“My will causes enough trouble,” I said wearily. “Until I get the sense to use it wisely, why don’t we just let sleeping gods lie.”

			I shoved myself to my feet as sturdily as I could.

			“Easy, my Knight,” Mab said quietly, glancing around. “You show weakness.”

			“National Guard is going to be here soon,” I said. “I don’t want to leave Murphy here for them.”

			Mab lifted a hand and physically stopped me from taking a step. “The honored dead will be cared for,” she said. “You have my word on that.”

			Which settled that. When Mab gives her word, it is good. Period.

			“And there is another matter which must be settled ere we are through,” she said.

			I glanced back and saw Lara Raith coming toward me.

			Behind her, in a circle of empty space maybe ten feet across, were Justine and Goodman Grey. The man looked like thirty miles of bad road. His clothes were in rags, and he was covered with bruises that had gone to school and graduated as contusions. One of his eyes was completely shot with red, his nose was broken, and when he snarled at someone who stepped a little too close, he was missing some teeth.

			But no one was getting within an arm’s length of Justine, either.

			“Dresden,” Goodman Grey demanded. “Deed done. Contract over. Here. Delivered, one female, cute, no damage.”

			He gave Justine what could have been a rough push but wasn’t, and she crossed the space to stand beside me, her expression dismayed. “Harry, my God, what have they done to you?”

			“Explain this, Dresden,” Lara Raith snapped. “This lunatic put half a dozen of the security team I had watching her in the hospital.”

			“What?” I said to Grey. “I didn’t hire you for that.”

			“You hired me to make sure she was all right,” Grey spat. “And when the lights went out a bunch of goons went rushing at her apartment.”

			“To get her to safety,” Lara insisted.

			“I didn’t know that!” Grey protested. “Just be glad you’ve still got them. I didn’t have to settle for broken bones, you know.”

			“This creature is your hireling?” Lara demanded of me.

			I fumbled in my pocket and found the envelope with the crumpled, baked dollar. I passed it over to Grey. “I mean. Barely.”

			He snatched the envelope, muttering darkly. “. . . running all over the damned city, fighting every damned thing that popped up, all for a pretty face . . .” He gave me a dark glower, then one for Lara, turned with a limp, nodded politely to Justine, and stalked lopsidedly away.

			Lara was giving me a furious look. “How dare you interfere with the protection of one of my own.”

			“Yeah, well, Thomas wanted me to,” I said. “And she’s one of mine, too. What was I supposed to do?”

			Lara threw her hands in the air and said, as if the word held terrible significance, “Communicate?”

			I spun my finger around at the general everything. “Been a little busy, right?”

			“Oh,” Lara said, glaring at Mab.

			“I did warn you,” Mab said. “He is independently minded. Did he repay you as I ordered?”

			“I mean, barely,” Lara said, imitating my voice but making it sound a lot dumber.

			“Time flies from us,” Mab said. Her gaze shifted to the south. “Mortal armsmen approach.”

			Lara nodded and squared off in front of me, glaring. “I have a request.”

			“Seriously?” I demanded.

			Lara’s eyes hardened. “What you did tonight, Dresden. What you took from me on the island. That should be balanced.”

			My insides went queasy and I lurched a foot to one side.

			“Yeah,” I said. “It should.”

			Lara looked blank for a second, and I think I had said something that actually surprised her. Some of the coldness went out of her eyes as she pointed at Justine. “She wants to see him. You should be the one to take her.”

			I turned to look at Justine. The young woman was wearing pajamas that had been through the hellish cityscape and holding her arms tightly across her chest. She looked exhausted and terrified. She’d been crying at some point recently. “Harry,” she said. “I’m scared. No one will talk about him. Is he . . .”

			“No,” I said. “No. But . . . it’s complicated.” I thought of explaining his condition to her and quailed, but that was just too bad. She deserved to know. I also thought about all the svartalves in their invisible armor and glanced around warily. “And we shouldn’t talk about it in the open.”

			Lara eyed me. And I saw the tension and the damage wrought by the evening’s terror in her face. “Justine has given much to my House,” Lara said. “And I take care of my people. Show her. Now. She’s been kept in the dark long enough. That’s what I ask of you.”

			Again, that vicious pull on the inside. God, I was tired. I wanted to fall over somewhere and cry for a while. Or drink for a while. Or both.

			I wanted to make sure Maggie was all right with my own eyes, my own hands.

			I lifted my lip in a snarl at Lara.

			But then I looked down at Justine, at her weeping eyes.

			I’d done enough harm for one evening.

			Maybe I could help someone a little. Start paying off that karma.

			And suddenly it was too crowded here. There was just too much. The silence of the island sounded wonderful by comparison. And I think I knew where I’d left at least half a bottle of whiskey, back in the cabin. I could put the Eye in safe storage with the other artifacts I’d acquired. And it was probably a good idea to check on Alfred and the state of the island’s defenses, after the spirit had exerted itself in such an epic fashion. “Fine,” I said. I glanced at Mab. “But I’m not walking to the boat.”

			“It is a unicorn,” Mab said, “not a . . . ride-sharing service.”

			I sat down and glowered.



* * *



			* * *

			“Well. That was terrifying,” Justine said a while later. “It wasn’t like being on a horse at all, really. More like . . . riding a living train. That might eat you.”

			We were on the Water Beetle. The Winter unicorn had dropped us off, seething in fury and apparent hunger, and I had gotten the boat going, even as the first hint of dawn began to touch the sky. As the light rose, I saw several other vessels out on the lake. Apparently, fleeing the little-A apocalypse on one had been a valid idea, and there were enough engines sufficiently old and well maintained to have escaped being disabled by the Eye. So that was good. I’d have hated to be the only thing moving and to attract the attention of more helicopters.

			I got the Beetle settled on course and locked her steering there. The gentle rain had continued, washing terror and leftover black magic out of the air. The coming day was going to be a hot one, but with the rain the current temperature was just about perfect. So I shrugged out of my coat and just turned my face up to the sky for a while.

			When I looked down again, Justine was looking up at me from the deck with the first-aid kit. “Harry,” she said, “come into the cabin. We should cover those burns up, at least, so they don’t get infected.”

			She was right. I was just about too tired to understand English, but she sounded pretty right. So I stumped down to the cabin. She took some time to clean and cover the burns on my left forearm. I’d lost my shield bracelet along the way somewhere. Dammit. I’d have to make another. A real one this time.

			I’d need a lab.

			I answered questions mechanically as she worked on me.

			“So he’s alive. He’s safe,” she said.

			“For now,” I said. “He’s in cold storage until we can figure out a way to help him.”

			“But . . . I can speak to him?”

			I shook my head. “In theory. But he’s been through a lot. He might be recovering for a while.”

			“But . . . I can be near him? See him?”

			No reason she couldn’t see the crystal Alfred had put Thomas in if she was willing to walk the stairs. “Yes.”

			Justine put her arms around my neck and gave me a gentle hug. It was a mark of how weary I was that the Winter mantle sent no surge of desire through me. Justine’s hugs are pretty distracting.

			“Thank you, Harry. For saving him. For taking him there. It was a terrible risk. Lara might have killed you. The svartalves would be very angry at you if they knew.”

			“He’s family,” I muttered wearily.

			“Do . . .” She took a deep breath. “Do you know why? Why he tried to kill Etri?”

			I shook my head.

			“Was it me?” she asked, her voice sick. “Did someone use me against him?” Her hand went to her belly. “Use us against him?”

			“He wasn’t in any shape to explain,” I said. “Maybe he’ll be able to share something with us when we get there.”

			Justine bit her lip and bowed her head.

			I patted her shoulder clumsily. “Look. I’m gonna close my eyes for a couple. Don’t let me sleep more than twenty minutes. Okay?”

			“Of course,” Justine said. “Of course. Rest.”

			She said something else, but I had already closed my eyes. I didn’t even bother to lie down first. I was sitting on a bench seat, one that would fold out into a bunk, but it seemed like too much work to do it. So I just let my head fall back against the wall, which on a boat is a bulkhead, and closed my eyes.

			You don’t exactly sleep, in situations like that. You close your eyes and stop moving, and then a lot of complicated things happen in your brain.

			Mine started replaying the tapes of the evening. Not in order. Not even a highlights reel. Just . . . random images of the past couple of days.

			Murphy, gasping. Not in a bad way.

			Murphy, at peace. In the worst way.

			Maggie, her eyes worried.

			I thought of Butters, tense and in pain—and victorious.

			I thought of Chandler, just vanishing. Of Yoshimo and Wild Bill, maybe worse than dead.

			I thought of the faintly surprised look on the dead face of glamour-Michael.

			And my brother.

			Thomas, telling me about his child.

			Thomas, beaten so badly.

			Thomas, struggling to speak.

			I thought of my brother’s face, crushed and swollen out of shape.

			Junghg. S’Jnngh.

			He hadn’t been able to say, “Justine.”

			Or maybe he hadn’t been trying to say it.

			I thought of the island, disturbed at the great powers expended that night.

			The last thing I needed was something slipping out of the prison during all the hubbub.

			S’Jnngh, he’d told me.

			Why had my brother gone after Etri?

			S’Justine, he’d told me.

			It’s Justine.

			Hell’s bells.

			It was Justine.

			He’d told me.

			My eyes opened suddenly, and too wide.

			The cabin was empty.

			I got up, slowly and carefully. And I walked very slowly and quietly out onto the deck of the Beetle. I wasn’t sure how much time had gone by. My eyes felt like there were a couple of ounces of sand rubbing around under each lid.

			Justine was standing at the front of the ship, looking out into the darkness ahead of us. Toward the island.

			She looked over her shoulder at me in the predawn darkness. She was just an outline.

			“You’re sure the baby will be all right?” she asked me. “I’ve heard things about that place.”

			“If you just dropped in, it would be kind of rough on you,” I said. “But you’re with me. Come in as an invited guest, you’ll be perfectly safe. And that’s what you are. I’m bringing you there myself.”

			She gave me a smile that was both worried and relieved, and looked back out at the water.

			For a second, I thought about picking up something I might whap her unconscious with, and then discarded the idea. After the night I’d had, I was too exhausted to make such a thing practical. And no matter what you saw in the movies, hitting people in the head was dangerous. I could kill Justine. So instead, I gathered the shreds of what was left of my will and prepared to use them.

			“But that was the plan the whole time,” I told her. “Right?”

			The figure at the front of the boat went completely still.

			“See, there were just too many threads being pulled,” I said. “The attack on the Outer Gates especially. And the Titan herself . . . God, what a blunt instrument. What a big, loud distraction. So that you could get inside.”

			Justine’s head turned to face me. The lightening sky was behind her. There was nothing to be seen of her expression but blackness.

			I limped forward a couple of paces. Nothing specific was any worse than it had been an hour ago, but even the immunity of the Winter mantle had its limits. My joints felt like they’d been dipped in plaster and were slowly drying stiff.

			“And every single living family member of mine, personally, was placed in danger. All of them. To make sure I had the maximum amount of personal worry to distract me.”

			Justine has incredible cheekbones. They shifted, slightly altering her shadowy profile as she smiled.

			“Something about Justine wasn’t . . . quite right, earlier, in the apartment,” I said. And I let my voice harden. “How long ago did you possess the girl?”

			Justine was silent for a moment. Then she shook her head and said, “I think the problem is, you just don’t sound all that bright, wizard. Perhaps it’s skewing my expectations.”

			She turned toward me, slim and graceful, steady on the deck.

			I faced her and tried not to pitch over the rail as the Water Beetle bumped along the waves. It had been a long night. And I didn’t have much left, physically or otherwise.

			“Tell me your name,” I said, and slid some of my will into my voice.

			“You know who I am,” Justine purred in answer.

			Then she reached out with one hand and ripped a four-foot section of the ship’s steel handrail off its metal struts.

			I blinked wearily and fancied I could hear grains of sand pattering to the deck from my eyes. Now I knew what Ethniu had felt like at the end. “Humor me,” I said, with more of my will. “Tell me your name.”

			Justine, or whatever being was driving Justine’s body around, turned toward me and began slow, stalking paces forward. It made some abortive, choking noises in its throat, and then said, the words drawn from it reluctantly, “It will do you no good once I’ve caved in your skull. Nemesis am I called.”

			There. Bingo.

			For years, shadowy forces had been driving events in Chicago and in the wider world. For years, I’d been picking up threads and finding them connected to others. For years, I’d been flailing around trying to get an idea of the forces that had been arrayed against me.

			And tonight, one of the players was in the open.

			Right there. Behind Justine’s eyes.

			And I was going to get answers.

			I didn’t have much left in me but pure, stiff-necked, muleheaded contrariness.

			But even after the night I’d had, I still had plenty of it.

			“I don’t care what they call you,” I spat. The effort of maintaining my will made it impossible to move my feet as the slender girl stalked forward with her steel bar. “Thrice I say and done. Tell me your name.”

			The slender figure froze in front of me, shuddering.

			Then she exhaled in a slow, utterly sensual voice, “I am the doubt that wards away sleep. I am the flaw that corrupts, the infected wound, the false fork in the trail. I am the gnawer, the worm in the book, the maggot that burrows in the mind’s eye.”

			She shuddered in bizarre ecstasy and panted, in a frantic whisper, “I am He Who Walks Beside.”

			Hell’s bells.

			A Walker.

			And if I hadn’t twigged to its presence, I would have set it loose on Demonreach—the prison for the great nightmares of the world. Ethniu wasn’t the biggest thing in it—not by a long shot. And an Outsider with the power of a Walker, turned loose inside the island’s defenses, might well be able to destroy them and set loose every horror inside.

			Hell. There’d have been an Ethniu for every city, if the place got emptied out.

			The weight of my will, once finished forcing the information from the possessing being, flooded out of me and left me barely able to stand. I staggered back, away from the slender figure in front of me.

			Justine, calmly, pursued.

			“I hope it felt good to scratch that itch,” she purred. “This is the end of your story, starborn.”

			“How long?” I asked. “How long have you been in Justine?”

			Justine waved the steel bar in a vague gesture. “Mortal time is such a limited concept. A few years. Ever since she became close to Lara.”

			I glowered at her. “You conceived my brother’s child intentionally.”

			“Obviously,” Justine purred. “That ridiculous instinct, honestly. It is your kind’s greatest weakness. Once he understood that his mate and his offspring would die if he did not follow my instructions, well . . .” She shrugged.

			“So you sent him at Etri. At the svartalves, someone almost everyone respects. Why? To shatter the Accords?”

			“Apocalypse isn’t an event,” Nemesis murmured. “It is a frame of mind.”

			I probably would have staggered anyway, but the phrase hit hard.

			“This was less a plan than . . . an act of faith, I suppose you would say,” the Outsider continued through Justine’s lips.

			“Faith?” I asked.

			“In what is coming,” the Walker said. “The unraveling of all things into darkness and silence.”

			“Empty Night,” I breathed.

			“Empty Night,” the creature echoed, in the hushed tone of a holy phrase. “So we pressed the attacks at the Outer Gates. While I sowed havoc within the walls of reality. We loosed some of the primal forces of your own precious Creation against you. Undermined Mab, her people, the Accords, the delusion of order you force upon the universe with your useless presence.” She smiled, dropping lower, the motion feline, sensual, hypnotic. “You may have survived the day. But the deed is done. We are the tide. Infinite. Unrelenting. And one day, starborn, make no mistake, we will wipe away all that you know. All we need is a single opening.”

			“Must suck,” I panted, “to get whipped by some stupid punk from Chicago. ’Cause it looks to me like I beat you.”

			Something ugly went through her voice. “There was never a victory for you to gain,” Nemesis hissed. “The mortals have been given terror they have not known in centuries. There is nothing more that need be done. They are your death stroke. Now I need only wait.”

			I finally reached the back of the boat and said, “Funny you should mention waiting.”

			Justine tilted her head, too far, silent.

			“You know how you don’t want to arrive on Demonreach, Walker?” The rear railing hit the backs of my thighs. “You don’t want to show up all on your lonesome. Alfred hates that. That would be like sprinting into a meat grinder.”

			The gathering light showed me Justine’s face as her eyes widened and she whipped her head over her shoulder.

			The black mass of Demonreach, backlit by the golden sky, loomed directly ahead of us, swiftly larger, as the boat chugged toward its shores.

			Justine whirled back and lunged toward me. “No!”

			I smirked at her, spread my arms, and fell over the back of the boat, into the freezing waters of Lake Michigan.

			With the last shreds of my will, I called to Demonreach.

			And the last thing I felt before things went black was green-gold light, and a huge stony hand clamping down on my shoulder, tearing me away from the Outsider’s desperate grasp.





Chapter





Thirty-six



Those next few days remain a montage in my head.

			I woke up bumping along the surface of Lake Michigan in a rubber boat being run by Lara’s people. I vaguely remembered reaching shore and having Alfred store the Eye safely away. Demonreach had allowed Riley and two of his men to approach and pick me up off the shoreline, after throwing poor Freydis two hundred yards out into the lake. They’d found me unconscious with my legs still in the freezing water and were treating the Winter Knight for hypothermia. Which is a bit like fitting a polar bear for a fur coat—it doesn’t help the bear and it makes him sort of grumpy.

			But they got me back to shore.

			I remember insisting where Riley was to take me when we got there.

			To her.

			To her body, I mean.

			Everything was chaos in Chicago, but it was the kind of chaos that people were more used to. There were soldiers and police everywhere. Emergency vehicles of all kinds were everywhere. The air was constantly full of the chop of helicopter blades.

			If you knew what to look for, you could see signs of the presence of the Little Folk. They were everywhere in the wreckage, at the will of the Winter Lady, leaving enough signs and clues to lead rescuers to the wounded among the rubble—as they would later ensure the recovery of the dead. They wouldn’t find absolutely everyone, but you’d hear newscasters remarking on the unusual dedication and success of the search-and-rescue teams in Chicago for years after.

			In the area around the Bean, the cops were see-through, to me anyway, members of Mab’s personal retinue underneath glamours that were more emotional than physical. When a Sidhe pretending to be a police officer spoke to you, you felt the authority more than you thought about it or saw it. In the chaotic aftermath of the battle, that was worth more than validated ID codes.

			There, where Mab’s people had control, they had brought in as many EMTs as they could scrape together for the wounded, both of my volunteers and of Marcone’s.

			For the first time in hours, thinking of my volunteers triggered no instant awareness of them. I poked around in my head with my wizard’s senses, a sensation sort of like trying to count your teeth with your tongue. I found nothing. The banner was gone.

			I walked silently through the wounded. Those who had been dying mostly had.

			I walked up to the Bean.

			I stopped at the door and took a breath.

			The fight was over. There was nothing left to distract me from this. And it was going to hurt.

			I bent over and climbed into the structure and turned to face the improvised bier.

			It was empty.

			She was gone.

