			Where she had lain, there was a symbol scorched into the crates as if by a white-hot stylus. Three triangles, interlocking. The valknut. The knot of the fallen warriors. Symbol of Odin.

			I stared at the empty crates. Her blood was still on them, drying black.

			Something dark began to stir, down deep. Something angry.

			“Nothing has changed,” said a soft, slightly slurred voice behind me. “She’s gone. She isn’t coming back.”

			I turned and found Miss Gard sitting on a pile of crates. There was a bottle of whiskey in her hand. There were four empties at her feet. She looked like she’d been through almost as much as I had.

			I closed my eyes for a second. I was bone tired. I felt the rage down there.

			But this wasn’t the time.

			Let the deep things stay deep.

			“Hey, Siggy,” I said in a gentle voice.

			“It’s the same,” Gard slurred. “Where Nathan died.” Her red eyes welled. “The damned knot. It’s part of our inventory system. A check mark. One Einherjar, picked up and in transit.”

			“Nathan . . .” I said. Then it clicked. “Hendricks. Huh. He never looked like a Nathan.”

			I slumped down onto the crate next to her.

			She passed me the bottle. I probably should have been drinking water. It’s a far more adult drink than whiskey. But I took a solid pull and let it burn down.

			“He hated that name,” she said. “His mother . . .” She shook her head. “Well. That doesn’t mean anything anymore.”

			“Einherjar,” I said. “Murph didn’t ‘die well.’”

			Gard’s eyes flashed. “She died slaying a Jotun,” she said roughly. “She did it to protect you. And she got results. She died a warrior’s death. One without personal glory. The one that happened because she was doing what was necessary.”

			I tilted my head at her.

			She waved a hand vaguely at her temple. “It’s a limited intellectus, of the honored dead, of their deeds. I know who she was now, Dresden. Don’t you dare cheapen her death by suggesting it was less than the culmination of a life of habitual valor.”

			Well.

			There wasn’t much I could say to that.

			I leaned my head back against the crate behind me and began to weep steady tears that somehow didn’t affect my breathing at all. “Dying sucks more than not dying. She should have stayed put.”

			“You’d be dead now if she had,” the Valkyrie said. “So would I. So would a lot of people. And the world would be in chaos.”

			“Wait for it,” I said darkly. I drank some more and passed the bottle back. And I added, “I want you to tell him something for me.”

			Gard looked at me, suddenly wary. “Before you speak, know this: The being you have dealt with is . . . only a facet of the being whose symbol that is. His guises are created to diminish him into something a mortal mind can readily accept. But though he may not have the strength he once did, that being is yet an elemental one. He does not accept insults or threats lightly.”

			“Good. Because I’m not delivering them lightly,” I said, a low thunder growling its way into my quiet words. “You tell Odin that Harry Blackstone Copperfield Dresden says, upon his Name, that if he doesn’t treat Murph better than I would myself, I’m going to kick down his door, pluck his fucking ravens, knock him down, kick his guts out, drag him to the island, and lock him up in a cell with Ethniu.”

			Gard blinked at me.

			“I beat a divine being once,” I said. “If I have to build a nation to get it done, I’ll do it again. You tell him exactly what I said.”

			Gard stared at me for a moment. Then a slow, if sad, smile touched her face. “I’ll tell him,” she said. Then she added, gently, “It will please him, I think. If not the twins. Have no fear for your shieldmaiden. In our halls, warriors who died for family, for duty, for love, are given the respect such a death deserves. She will want for nothing.”

			I nodded. Then after a while, I said, “If she’s an Einherjar, now . . .”

			Gard shook her head. “Not until the memory of her has faded from the minds of those who knew her. That is the limit not even the Allfather may cross.”

			“She, uh,” I said. I blinked several times. “She wasn’t real forgettable.”

			“She was not,” agreed the Valkyrie. “And she has earned her rest.”

			“She earned better than a bullet in the neck,” I spat.

			“All warriors die, Dresden,” Gard replied. “And if they die in the course of being true to their duty and honor, most would count that a fitting end to a worthy life. She did.”

			I nodded.

			“Fuck worthy,” I said quietly, miserably. “I miss her.”

			Silent seconds went by while I went briefly blind.

			“I’m sorry,” I said. “For . . . Nathan. He was a loyal friend to the end.”

			“Oh, man up, Dresden,” Gard said. “You’re still here.”

			But she nodded as she said it. And she cried, too.



* * *



			* * *

			We had a funeral followed by a wake at Mac’s a few days later, the Paranet crew and me.

			Everyone was dazed, struggling to adjust to the reality that had confronted them.

			Tens of thousands had perished. The final count of fallen humanity that night would have overflowed Soldier Field—which was being used for refugees, of which there were more than a hundred thousand.

			Ethniu had been even harder on Chicago real estate values than me. Wakka wakka.

			The Huntsmen, in particular, had ravaged every neighborhood they went through, killing about ninety-five percent of the occupants—until they got to the South Side. Then it was like the robbery of the First National Bank of Northfield, Minnesota. Too many people were willing to fight—and they were armed. Sure, there were a lot of bad guys—but there were a lot more citizens, a higher-than-average percentage of them had guns, and once they understood what was happening, they turned the streets into shooting galleries. That was when things had started to turn on that flank of the battle, providing an opening for Marcone.

			Apparently, even the legions of epic mythology had better plan for trouble on some of the toughest streets in the world.

			The power was out and stayed that way for a while. There was just too much to replace. That made clean water hard to move around. More people got sick and died, and things could have gotten really bad if we’d had a harsher summer. But the weather stayed unseasonably mild and cool, with frequent rains. Maybe a Queen of Faerie ensured that. Or maybe the universe figured the city had earned a break.

			Either way, it was raining when we gathered at my grave in Graceland.

			We filled a coffin with pictures. I used one of me and Murph arguing that some joker in CPD had taken when both of us had cartoonish expressions on our faces. It felt truer to what we’d had, somehow.

			It hadn’t had a lot of chance to grow.

			Other pictures went in. No frames. There wouldn’t have been room. If they’d given their life for the city, their picture went in. We used copies of the drivers’ licenses of the volunteers, when we couldn’t find anything else about them. Hendricks’s picture went in. So did Yoshimo’s and Wild Bill’s and Chandler’s. Everyone in the Paranet community, hell, almost everyone in the city had lost someone they knew or were related to.

			When people you know die, that gets attention. That was the beginning of the change in Chicago, where the supernatural had just become a threat that was too great to be denied or overlooked.

			Butters, moving comically in his neck brace and backboard, stood with me throughout the memorial service. Of the survivors, fifty or so of my volunteers had been willing to attend. In a ceremony that was half comedic and half gut-wrenching, I pronounced them Knights of the Bean and Defenders of Chicago. And then I pinned a dried lima bean glued to a steel backing to their chests, and I made each of them a promise:

			“If you or anyone you love is ever in danger, come and find me. If it isn’t you, tell them to show me this. I will help. No questions asked.”

			Promises are a magic of their own, with a little will behind them. And when I made each one, I felt it leave a signature on the pin. I’d know it if someone tried to pass a fake one on me.

			After that, I tried to give a speech about Murph.

			“Karrin Murph—” I said.

			And nothing else would come out.

			Butters took over, speaking a little stiffly due to his jaw, and said some things to the gathering, which they took very well. People had seen Butters in action, and word had spread. They looked at him like he was a big damned hero.

			Which he was—but he didn’t see it that way, because of course he wouldn’t.

			They didn’t look at me like I was a big damned hero, though.

			In fact . . . mostly, people weren’t looking at me at all.

			I guess people had seen glimpses of me in that fight, too. Plus I’d just incinerated a bunch of guys, in front of God and everybody. And word had gotten around.

			Ever see a video clip of a shark swimming through a school of baitfish? Where the fish all make sure to stay well out of his path?

			I was the shark now.

			Except for a few friends, no one came within arm’s reach of me.

			And . . . that suited me, somehow. I felt raw, as if my skin had been peeled off and the world was made of salt and lemon juice. Maybe a little distance was a good thing, for a while.

			After Butters finished, old Father Forthill came out and spoke a gentle prayer for the dead. Then we closed up the casket and filled my open grave. I had my tombstone removed and replaced with one that simply read, THEY DEFENDED CHICAGO, and the month and year.

			I was the last one at the grave.

			Except for Michael. My friend wore a waterproof overcoat and fedora. I’d shown up in shirtsleeves. I hadn’t even brought an umbrella. Back before the Winter mantle, I’d have been shivering. Now the rain felt nice on my bruises.

			Michael stood with me in comfortable silence, waiting.

			“Marcone was right,” I said quietly.

			Michael frowned. He said nothing.

			“Marcone built a base of power,” I said. “He prepared for this. If he hadn’t, the city would have fallen. Period. I would never have succeeded without him.”

			“What are you saying, Harry?” Michael asked gently.

			“I can do more,” I said quietly. “I need to do more.”

			“Like Marcone has?” Michael asked.

			“Somehow,” I said quietly. “I don’t think I could do it his way. Too many suits.”

			“Corporate thug doesn’t really fit you,” Michael agreed. “What did you have in mind?”

			“Wizard of Chicago?” I suggested.

			“Good to stick with what you know,” Michael said. “But you’re talking about more, aren’t you?”

			I was quiet for moment, looking down at the rain splashing on the casket.

			“Do you know why I wanted Murph to stay out of the fight?” I asked.

			“Because you’d given up on her,” Michael said.

			“No, it was because I’d given up on . . . Oh, yes.” I cleared my throat. “On some level, I had written her off. I knew I was going to be out there without her watching my back.”

			Die alone, whispered a voice in my memory.

			“She didn’t agree with your assessment,” Michael noted.

			“No,” I said quietly. “She had, you know. Hope. Faith. That what she was doing was right and necessary and worth it.” I squinted at him. “Death isn’t when your body stops working. It’s when there’s no more future. When you can’t see past right now, because you stopped believing in tomorrow.” I shrugged. “There should be a place where people can borrow a little hope and faith when they’re running low.”

			My friend’s eyes wrinkled at the corners. “Oh, I’d say there’s one or two.”

			“Well. You folks talk to a lot of people. But not everyone speaks in the same language. Maybe there’re folks who just wouldn’t understand what you’ve got to say. Maybe they need to hear it from someone like me.”

			Michael smiled and said, “The Almighty gave each of us our own utterly unique voice. Surely there’s a lesson to be learned there.”

			“Will you help me?” I asked.

			“Always,” he said.

			“Good,” I said. “I think I’m going to need a carpenter.”

			His face slowly brightened over the course of a moment, a deep, intense satisfaction radiating from him. It was like watching the sun rise on his soul. “I love to give that kind of help. And my rates are very reasonable . . .”

			There were footsteps in the wet grass behind us.

			We turned to find Carlos Ramirez facing us from beneath a grey umbrella. He wore his Warden’s cloak. His expression was fatigued and grim. He looked like he hadn’t slept in days.

			“Carlos,” I said quietly. “Good to see you.”

			He nodded, once. When he spoke, his voice was ragged, as if he’d been shouting a lot. “Harry Dresden,” he said in a formal tone and cadence. “Greetings from the White Council.”

			Not Warden Dresden, I noted. Not even Wizard Dresden.

			So.

			Michael glanced between us and said, “I’ll excuse myself, gentlemen.”

			“Thank you, Sir Michael,” Ramirez said quietly.

			Michael turned and limped back toward the cars.

			“The vote,” I said. “Forgot all about it. Guess it didn’t go my way.”

			Ramirez shook his head.

			“You’re out,” he said. “You are no longer to associate yourself with the White Council or harass its members. You will refrain from the public practice of magic to standards of discretion determined by the Council or face the consequences. Wardens will periodically inspect you and your residence for residual black magic. You know the drill.” He shook his head and reached into his coat. “There are some documents. They list all the terms.”

			“Terms,” I said. “Pretty bold for the Council to boot me out, then dictate terms to me.”

			Ramirez stared at me for a second. Then he said, his voice low, “You had to know this was coming. It’s been coming for a long time. We’ve given you chance after chance, and you keep—” He broke off and looked away. “You never should have gotten mixed up with Mab, Harry. That changed everything.”

			“Carlos,” I began.

			“You sold out to the monsters, Dresden,” Ramirez spat, his voice harsh. “Don’t you see that? Can’t you see it even now? As beaten as you are, you shouldn’t even be able to stand up. Sixty degrees, windy, and raining and you’re standing there soaking wet and enjoying it.”

			“What did you say?” I asked, low and hard.

			“You heard me,” he said. He wasn’t budging, either. “I don’t know, Dresden, if what happened here could have been avoided. But I know you were mixed up in it in ways you aren’t saying.” He stared at me beseechingly, shaking his head. “You should have trusted me, man. And you pull that stupid hex on me instead?” Something in his face broke. “Chandler’s gone. Bill and Yukie are gone. And maybe if you’d been willing to talk, that wouldn’t have happened. Maybe it would have made things different.”

			“I had to,” I said. “I didn’t have a choice.”

			“Yeah,” he said, his voice weary. “I know you think that. And that’s the problem.” He took his hand out of his coat and tossed a thick legal envelope at me. I caught it. “Read that. Believe it. Because as far as the White Council is concerned, you’re one of the monsters now, Dresden. Push us and we’ll push back. Hard.”

			“Who’s going to do the pushing, ’Los?” I asked. “You?”

			“No,” he said quietly. “McCoy.” He cleared his throat. “We were friends once, Dresden. So I’ll tell you this last bit of gossip. The Senior Council voted in emergency session, while Listens-to-Wind and McCoy were in surgery. They found witnesses who saw you directly murder human servants of the Fomor by means of pyromancy.”

			Which was true. “You’ve seen what those guys have done,” I told him. “Would you call them human, strictly speaking?”

			“Doesn’t matter what I think,” Ramirez said. “You know how broadly they interpret the First Law. And why it has to be that way. By unanimous vote, they have already given the Blackstaff the order to execute your death warrant, and suspended it. If you cross the line, they’ll send him. And if he won’t do it, he’ll be charged with treason. So for your sake—and his—don’t make us take action.”

			“You son of a bitch,” I said quietly.

			“We don’t fight monsters fair,” he said. “I learned that from you.”

			We stood there quietly for a moment.

			“It doesn’t have to be like this,” I said.

			“It does,” Ramirez replied. “You made that call when you didn’t talk to me. And sixty thousand people died.”

			I let out a frustrated breath.

			“One of these days,” I said, “you’re going to look back at today and feel really stupid.”

			“Is that a threat?” he asked.

			“No, you knob.” I sighed wearily. “Just a fact.”

			“The Council has spoken,” he said, just as tiredly, and turned to go.

			“No,” I said.

			He paused. “What?”

			“No,” I said again, a little firmer. “The White Council has gotten to bully wizards for a long time, and they think they have the right. I say they don’t.”

			Ramirez tilted his head. “Don’t talk yourself into something I can’t ignore, Dresden.”

			I grimaced. “Carlos. I mean to live my life. You’ve cast me out, and you think that means I’m vulnerable. Maybe you ought to rethink that.”

			“Meaning what?”

			“Why don’t you ask Ethniu how vulnerable I am?” I said quietly. “We can. If you’d like.”

			I let that one hang there, while he stared at me.

			“To say nothing about how Mab would react to the death of the Winter Knight,” I continued. “The Winter Lady might not take it kindly, either, and you saw what she’s capable of doing.”

			Carlos’s cheek twitched. “Yes. I did.”

			I paused and said, “That was a threat, Carlos. I’m going to live here and do what I’ve always done. I want you to leave me in peace. And I’ll do the same in return. The way things are in the world, I don’t think the Council can afford to push things that far. Not for little old me.”

			Ramirez exhaled. “You’re taking one hell of a risk, Harry.”

			“I don’t like being told what to do,” I said. “I let you push me around, who the hell am I?”

			“Yeah,” Ramirez said. “Who the hell are you?”

			It was quiet.

			“Goodbye,” he said quietly.

			And then he left.

			Back at the car, Michael said, “That looked grim. What happened?”

			“Rest of the White Council was pretty nervous about the guy who soloed a Titan, I guess,” I said. “They voted. I’m an outlaw. Like the old days.”

			Michael considered that for a moment. Then he said, quietly and firmly, “Those fuckers.”

			I stumbled on the slippery grass in the rain and fell on my ass.

			And it didn’t stop there. Michael swore. My friend cursed a blue streak like a dozen sailors picking a dozen fights. He swore profanities that would have made a fallen angel blush. He swore in three different languages that I recognized, and in a dozen I didn’t. He swore like a man with a forty-year pent-up hurricane of ranting profanity in his chest that had been looking for a way to come out.

			When he was finished he looked up at the rain and said, “I’ll be happy to do penance, Lord. But some things need to be said.” Then he turned to me, extended his hand, and said, firmly, “You are always welcome in my house, Harry Dresden. In fact, Charity told me to invite you and Maggie over for Christmas Eve and morning with us. It’s hard for us to think of Christmas without her. And you’re still coming for Sunday dinner, aren’t you? The place is still pretty cut up from where those lunatics came in the house, but I think a couple of weeks of work should set it right. . . .”

			I took my friend’s hand.

			There was rain in my eyes.



* * *



			* * *

			It took only days for rumors to spread that there were beings in town sniffing around for my trail, bad guys I’d crossed or annoyed at some point in the past. I didn’t have the imprimatur of the White Council anymore. And while Mab would speak very loudly if anyone moved against the Winter Court, if her Winter Knight got himself killed because of his own stupid choices, she wouldn’t lose much sleep, apart from the stress of finding a replacement.

			That, combined with my injuries, kept me indoors for a few days. I got my arm set and put in a cast. I was pretty sure my joints had voided their warranties at the very least, but those first few days were full of desperation where medical care was involved, and every church and hospital overflowed with the wounded. It took the broken bone and the fact that I knew Lamar to even rate acknowledgment in triage, in the battle’s immediate aftermath.

			Fortunately, I had access to Charity Carpenter, who had been patching up her husband and his idiot friends for years. So, in addition to my cast, I got stitches in several places, a painful shoulder relocation I didn’t know I needed, a bunch of bandages, a shoulder wrap, elbow wraps, wrist wraps, knee wraps, ankle wraps, a couple of two-gallon bags of ice for my knees, and Tiger Balm.

			(Which not even the Winter Knight can ignore when it gets in a cut, it turns out, and which is one ingredient and a little will away from being an excellent ointment against fae glamour, if you can keep your eyes open. Seriously, that stuff is borderline magical off the shelf.)

			By the time the needs of my body had been seen to as best as possible, I looked and felt like a mummy, wrapped and way too herbal scented, dried out and too stiff to move when I finally crashed into the bed in the Carpenters’ (original) guest room. They had some extras now. I think I slept for about a day. I remember eating ravenously a couple of times. And then I just lay there with my eyes closed for a long time, weeping silently. And I woke up holding a sleeping Maggie, with Mouse curled into his tiniest ball on the bottom two-thirds of the bed, on what I think was the second morning, and felt battered and exhausted and mostly human.

			I made my daughter breakfast. And I did a lot of thinking.

			Those first few days, when I moved around Chicago at all, I did it careful. Real careful. Like, having four full-grown werewolves with me or nearby at all times careful. I got out, got my bearings, and started moving.

			Will and the Alphas came with me to the session of the first-ever Unseelie Accords Executive Ministry meeting. War with the Fomor had been declared by unanimous consent within the Accorded nations, and the Ministry was supposed to determine what to do about it, starting with dealing with the aftermath of the Battle of the Bean.

			No one invited me to the Ministry meeting, in a private club in one of the gorgeous old stone buildings in Oldtown, so I did it myself. The place was hidden behind a web of veils and glamours so thick and intricate that it made me a little dizzy just sensing it. If I hadn’t known exactly where I was going and exactly what I was looking for, I’d have wandered right past the place.

			When I came in, there was a waiting room where several people came to their feet—a Sidhe warrior from either Court, Miss Gard, a svartalf I didn’t recognize, and Freydis, who was covered with bumps and bruises and still-healing cuts and looked relaxed for the first time since I’d seen her.

			“Easy, people,” I said. “I came to talk.”

			They all eyed me warily, which was to say down the barrels of their guns. Except for Freydis, who kept reading her magazine and just looked amused.

			Well. Granted I looked like ten miles of bad road in my battle-stained black leather duster. And my eyes were watery from the damned hurry-up Tiger Balm antiglamour ointment I’d whipped up to help find the place. And also I had four battle-hardened werewolves with me.

			I guess I can see it.

			I got out a cloth and wiped the ointment off my cheekbones, blinking more tears out of my eyes, while making uncomfortable noises. It’s difficult to be intimidating when you look ridiculous. By the time I was done and could see properly again, most of the guns were half-lowered.

			“Gard,” I said. Whenever you’re facing a bunch of people, do whatever you can to face one person. It takes some of the psychological advantage of numbers away. “You know me. I need to speak to them.”

			Gard lowered her weapon entirely, without holstering it. “The Ministry is meeting in closed session.”

			I faced her and said, quietly and firmly, “I have earned the right to speak. By deed. Or none of us would be here.”

			Gard stared at me for a long moment.

			And the corner of her mouth twitched.



* * *



			* * *

			The Ministry had met in a ballroom big enough for a basketball game, its curtains drawn against any view from outside. The interior of the place had been filled with light so brilliant and omnipresent that shadows had nowhere to fall. There was no furniture in the place—just light and open flooring, and a circle of beings facing one another.

			I closed the door behind me and limped forward into the light, squinting as my pupils got more of a workout than they’d had in a while. I suppose sunglasses would have defeated the point.

			There were things out there that lived, and listened, in shadows.

			I walked forward into shocked silence.

			Marcone stood there, in his suit, looking unstained by recent events. Vadderung looked like an older, leaner version of approximately the same creature, a wolfhound standing beside a mastiff. Mab had adopted her corporate appearance for the meeting, apparently keeping in theme with the pair of them, and Etri’s sister, Evanna, had kept up the motif. Beside her, Lara Raith was as stunning in a white suit as she was in nothing at all, while Sarissa, the Summer Lady, had gone office casual in laconic defiance of the trend.

			And the Archive stood there, slightly to one side, not quite part of the circle. She’d collected a number of cuts from flying bits of debris, probably, and her nose had been broken rather badly. Black rings had spread around the base of her eyes.

			I walked around the circle to Mab’s right hand.

			The Queen of Air and Darkness gave me a peeved look.

			I stared back at her, willing her to get it.

			And so help me, she just looked at me and did. Her expression became very serious, and she nodded firmly, once, twitching one finger and somehow conveying that I was to wait.

			“Please pardon the disruption. Mistress Archive, continue the report.”

			The Archive nodded once and flicked a hand at the air. There was a shimmer, and a television screen appeared there, a news report that I suppose had been inevitable, even if the ongoing loss of power meant that we hadn’t had the chance to see it yet.

			It was helicopter footage, along Chicago’s waterfront. It showed the destruction in graphic detail. Basically the Bean reflected the lakeshore now, a wide swath of pulverized bits of former city. I could imagine the magazine covers. Or the thumbnail images. Whatever.

			The chyron running at the bottom of the screen read: AFTERMATH OF MAJOR TERRORIST ATTACK IN CHICAGO. WIDESPREAD CHEMICAL WEAPONS AND POSSIBLE WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION USED. AS MANY AS 20,000 DEAD. PRESIDENT DECLARES STATE OF NATIONAL EMERGENCY.

			Hell’s bells.

			“In aggregate,” the Archive said, speaking with a little more Stallone than one would have expected out of a teenage girl, “the coverage of the event would strongly indicate that the mortal powers that be have decided to obfuscate.”

			“Optimistic,” Vadderung murmured.

			“Gaslighting eight million people?” Lara asked. “They’ve done that by breakfast each morning.” She glanced over at me and gave me a faintly quizzical look and a dip of her chin. “The military is controlling traffic in and out of the city. Power, communications, and humanitarian aid are funneled in through them. The official version of events will have a very large lead and a much louder voice than any truth tellers who may come along, and the disruptive effects of the Eye make it unlikely that any photographic or video evidence was obtained. Add in a fictional toxin which caused hallucinations, possibly long-term and recurring, in those exposed to it and they’ll be able to muddle things thoroughly.”

			“Not within the city,” Marcone said. “They’re building a psychological wall around the place. That will unify those held prisoner by it in a way that would not otherwise be possible.”

			“Meaning what, precisely?” Mab asked.

			“Meaning that the human factor will be . . . greatly intensified, within the city,” Marcone said. “Uncertainty and insecurity will cause people to gravitate toward the security offered by group identity and support. People are, frankly, terrified. That’s going to cause them to cling to the veneer of normality. By day.” He shook his head. “By night, expect them to acquire arms. Expect them to become wiser and more dangerous. Expect some of them to make bargains with the powers they’ve been exposed to. And expect others to hunt anything they perceive as supernatural through the streets in packs. And that’s a best-case scenario.”

			My stomach twisted.

			I mean, he was right. Everything he was saying was exactly accurate.

			And yet . . . also wrong.

			Yeah, darkness could make things really, really bad. Frightened people in large groups rarely acted wisely.

			But sometimes that foolishness came out as kindness and compassion, when there was every reason to look out only for yourself. Sometimes it came out as irrational courage in the face of overwhelming terror. Sometimes our madness leads us to choices that make us better and nobler and kinder than we were before.

			People like Marcone made me think that everything is falling apart.

			But people like Michael, like Murphy, like the brave men and women who had fought and died in defiance of what must have seemed like the world’s ending, make me think that maybe we’re falling forward. Like a child learning to walk. Sometimes we lurch and stumble. Sometimes we fall. And each time we learn. But each time we have to make up our minds to get up again, to take the next step.

			So that one day we can walk with our heads held high.

			The fight for Chicago had gotten started when Ethniu attacked. But it was far from over.

			“Baron?” Mab asked. “Can you maintain a functioning society within the city?”

			“No one could,” Marcone replied. “However, I judge that, for now, the city will have a strong self-interest in maintaining its current power structure. That gives me what I believe is the most practical available leverage of the direction of events within it.”

			“Do you have control or not?” Mab asked.

			“Does a man in a canoe have control over the rapids?” Marcone replied.

			“But you believe they can be navigated?” Mab clarified.

			“To the limit of my foresight, yes. That makes no allowance for federal interests, however. My reach there is more limited.”

			Mab contemplated the reply and then nodded. She considered Lara. “Can you nullify their involvement?”

			Lara thought for a moment before answering. “On the political level, there’s more profit to be gained from engagement than nullification. On the practical level, however . . . there’s no way to keep the Librarians out entirely now.”

			“A complication,” Vadderung said, in the wry tone of a man engaging in understatement.

			Lara grimaced.

			“Who are these Librarians?” Evanna asked.

			“The Library of Congress, Special Collections Division,” Lara provided. “Also known as the Librum Bellum. Men in Black.”

			“Government agents,” Evanna noted. “What danger do they pose?”

			“They’re the eyes and ears,” Lara said. “They’re smart, skilled, dedicated, professional, they’ve got several centuries of collective knowledge through the Masons, and they will absolutely be coming to learn whatever they can. They are extremely dangerous.”

			“Assuming they haven’t been here in the city all along,” Vadderung pointed out mildly. “Perhaps they’ve already identified each of us.”

			Lara winced. “Optimist.”

			Vadderung’s mouth twitched at a corner.

			The Summer Lady cleared her throat and glanced at Mab, who nodded. Sarissa turned her gaze along the circle as she said, “Make whatever preparations you wish. But the truth is out. And spreading. All of these stratagems, from the mortal authorities or from us, can only delay that.”

			“Sweet Summer child,” Lara murmured wryly.

			Mab held up a slender hand as if to forestall bickering. “We must prepare for as many futures as possible, not merely the ones we prefer. If we can slow the mortals’ collective hand from striking until we have dealt with the Fomor, then it is worthwhile to attempt. If nothing else, it lets us focus upon a single foe at a time.”

			I felt myself freeze for a moment at that.

			Humanity.

			A foe.

			I glanced around. Yeah. No wonder there wasn’t a representative from the White Council here. Like it or not, they were pretty much the spokespeople for humanity at large, within the Accorded nations. A lot of wizards had family in the mortal world, close ties to it. Martha Liberty was still close with members of an extended clan of whom she was the founding matriarch, down in New Orleans, for example.

			And . . . well, even I had Maggie. Friends. It mattered to me. The environment those people existed in, their society, it mattered to me.

			Sarissa looked a little disturbed. But other than that, I realized that there was no one else in this room for whom that was true.

			Stars and stones.

			Ramirez hadn’t been wrong.

			I was working with monsters.

			But I wasn’t them.

			I leaned forward slightly, as if preparing to take a step, and Mab said, “Ladies and gentlemen, my Knight requests audience. In light of his recent service to the Accorded nations, I believe it right and proper to grant it. Will anyone here gainsay me?”

			Marcone suddenly looked more alert.

			I gave him a little smile. I didn’t quite blow him a kiss. But I let him know it was coming.

			“This should be interesting,” Vadderung murmured.

