			Mab turned to me and nodded, tilting her head in toward the center of the circle.

			I shambled forward into it and felt the gazes of very dangerous people upon me.

			And for the first time, I didn’t have any of the weight of the White Council backing me up.

			It was just me. That was intimidating.

			But it also meant that I had me on my side. And I liked the way that felt.

			Don’t fight all of them, Harry, I thought. Fight one of them.

			And I turned to Marcone.

			“The Summer and Winter Courts care about balance,” I said. “And what the Accorded nations have done to Chicago has created a terrible imbalance. More than just the political and military consequences of our conflicts, we have violated the spirit of laws so old that they have never been written down. We were guests in Chicago. And we brought our troubles to their home.”

			An uneasy ripple went through some of those in the circle: Vadderung, Mab, Evanna, and Sarissa all stirred uneasily.

			Lara and Marcone took careful note of that.

			“Choices have consequences that ripple out in all directions,” I said quietly. “And our choices have hurt the people of this city. We can’t possibly scramble to minimize the consequences to our lives without acknowledging the debt we have incurred by inflicting our conflict upon them.”

			I met Marcone’s eyes. “Our world isn’t supposed to cross with theirs, for the most part. And in return, they mostly ignore us. Now you say that the mortals are going to be sending eyes and ears in. Well, maybe it’d be smart for them to see some things.”

			“What do you suggest?” Marcone asked.

			“The Accorded nations provide humanitarian aid and assistance,” I said.

			That got a reaction from everyone, from Vadderung’s eyebrow lift to Evanna’s incredulous sputter.

			“I’m not saying make open diplomatic contact,” I said. “I’m saying we act. We help. Indirectly, in secret. If they’re looking, they’ll see what you’re doing. Let them see us do what we can to balance the scales. Ethniu’s attack changed everything. It was too big, too loud. They’ve seen us. And we’d better show them from the get-go that we aren’t trying to murder them all. Because we made a bad first impression. And because it’s smart. And because it’s right.” I met Marcone’s eyes. “I called, and men and women of this city answered. They followed me. They fought. And I felt them die.”

			Something flickered in Marcone’s face.

			His chin moved in the faintest vertical tilt of acknowledgment.

			I dropped my voice to something that was just between me and Marcone. “We owe them more than just washing our hands of the mess. And you’re going to make a fortune rebuilding things anyway.”

			Marcone’s eyes flickered with amusement, acknowledging the truth of my point.

			“The Accords,” he said, carefully, “are not a charitable organization.”

			“Nor are we beggars, unable to pay our debts,” Mab answered. “My Knight makes a fine point: Our fight did them harm. They had to choose to shed their blood in defense. Innocents were slain. Value lost. Specifics can be argued, but the direction of the debt is clear.” Her head swiveled to me. “What recompense do you recommend?”

			“The money stuff, they’ve got insurance and things for. There are economic safety nets everywhere. It’s the people we need to take care of. Anyone injured in the attack, we pay for it. Whatever they need, healing of the body or mind. We pay to bury the dead. And we pay a weregild to the survivors of anyone slain. I don’t care if they find buried gold or get a mysterious winning lottery ticket or what, but we owe them a debt for something priceless. And we owe them the gesture of helping to make their future more secure after what we took from them. And there’s a man in this room who can get down everyone’s freaking chimneys every year if he has to, so don’t tell me that there isn’t power to make it happen.”

			“These numbers are very large,” Mab noted.

			“Our debt,” I said, “is larger. Ask any child of the men and women who died.”

			Mab looked faintly troubled at the thought.

			“The Accords,” she said, “provide for reparations to damaged parties. This business of guest-right disturbs me greatly and demands care and respect. Making right the damages wrought upon the mortals seems meet to me—with the understanding that we will apply the resources expended for such repayment to the debt of those ultimately responsible, namely, the Fomor, once our conflict with them has been resolved.”

			And it turned out that by unanimous vote, everyone in the Accords agreed on that, because everyone in politics enjoys giving other people’s money to good causes.

			Whatever. I got people some help, did a little good.

			But I wasn’t finished.

			“There is also the matter,” I said, to Mab, “of personal debt. Ethniu was my kill, before all the Accorded nations, in defense of the demesne of Baron John Marcone of Chicago.” I turned to face him. “Acknowledgment of that act is due.”

			Eyes turned toward Marcone.

			“The Eye seems ample reward for such a deed,” Marcone noted.

			“To some,” Sarissa said, her voice very dry.

			“Do you have it?” I asked Marcone innocently.

			He stood there, suddenly very wary.

			“I mean, I’m not sure where it is,” I said, which was technically true—Alfred had it stashed somewhere and I’d told him not to tell me where, specifically for this conversation. Technical truth was, at the moment, the best kind of truth. “But if you want to hand it to me . . .”

			“I assumed you claimed it from Ethniu,” Marcone said.

			“I don’t know what to tell you,” I said.

			“Are we to believe that you just left a weapon like the Eye lying upon the ground?” Marcone asked.

			“Dude, there was an apocalypse on,” I said, in a very reasonable tone. “The earth shaking. Giant waves. I almost drowned, you know, in this giant stupid concrete teacup some fool made. It’s all kind of blurry.”

			Marcone narrowed his eyes.

			“The point is, my people fought and died for your land,” I said, my voice suddenly harder. “I fought and bled for your land. And if I hadn’t, you wouldn’t have a territory to defend. I defended your home. And I lost my own home doing it.”

			I pointed at Evanna.

			Everyone looked at her.

			“There was . . . damage to that apartment during the attack,” she politely lied. “No replacement apartment is available at this time. As such, he may no longer be our guest.”

			“See?” I said. “A debt is owed. And we take our debts pretty serious in Winter.”

			I felt Mab’s gaze over my shoulder, like a cold draft in the room.

			Only it was focused on Marcone.

			Marcone eyed me and then Mab, and then Lara. “Surely you don’t believe him.”

			A little smile played on the corners of Lara’s mouth. “The last I saw,” she said, “you were the one running off with the Eye, Baron.”

			“Queen Mab,” Marcone said in protest.

			“He has given me no reason to disbelieve him, Baron,” Mab said. She knew all about technically true things, too.

			Marcone turned to me with his eyes narrowed. He regarded me and said, “I know you have it.”

			Marcone had put me on a pedestal by telling people I’d taken out Ethniu. That act alone had probably scared enough members of the White Council to get me voted out. But if he was going to put me up there, he shouldn’t be too terribly surprised if I kicked him in the face.

			I took a breath, enjoying the moment.

			“Prove it,” I said. “Sir Baron.”

			Marcone eyed me. Then glanced past me to the Queen of Air and Darkness.

			Mab’s eyebrow went up so far that it threatened the line of her skull. Then she said, as if to Marcone, “Much is explained.”

			Marcone’s gaze slid around the faces of the Ministry, weighing what he saw there. He yielded with reluctant grace. “Very well, Sir Dresden.” Marcone sighed. “What is it you wish of me?”

			I leaned down to look him in the face.

			“I want my lab back,” I said. “Move your stuff.”



* * *



			* * *

			I’ll give this to Marcone: When he gives his word, he’s good for it.

			He emptied out the little castle built on the site of my old boardinghouse within twenty-four hours. Soldiers, personnel, furniture, lights—by the time we arrived the next day, all of it was gone. The castle was empty of Marcone’s presence, right down to the stones.

			“What do you think?” I asked. I turned on a heel, regarding the main hall. There was still a big hole in the roof where Ethniu and the Eye had provided incentive to install a skylight. I pointed at it. “Maybe get one like Doctor Strange’s window, right?”

			Molly looked around the place speculatively. “It looks . . . cold and slightly damp and gloomy. Like one big basement.”

			“Glorious,” I said. “Your dad is coming over later to help me figure out how to make it a little more human-friendly. I mean, you could fit a basketball court in here. And I don’t need a throne room.”

			“And you do need a basketball court?”

			“It’s an idea—that’s all I’m saying.”

			She shook her head. “Have you noticed all the enchantments on the place?” Molly asked skeptically. “There is some really old stuff here that is still working.”

			In point of fact, I had Bob going over the entire thing now for an in-depth assessment. The defensive systems built into the castle had been laid up by a wizard with a particularly thorough breed of the crazies. My first read was that Marcone’s use of them had only touched the surface of their potential—maybe Thorned Namshiel hadn’t yet had time to teach him to make full use of them. Hell, the only reason I felt like I knew what I was talking about was that the enchantments hardwired into the stones of the castle bore a startling structural resemblance to those that had been used to create Demonreach. It was entirely possible that the castle’s magical defenses had been the work of the original Merlin or one of his inheritors.

			It would take time to be sure, but if I was right, by the time I was done with the place, I’d have a redoubt damned near as hard to crack as the island, and a heck of a lot more convenient to live in.

			“Yeah. Kind of like having a smart house, I guess,” I said. “There’re all sorts of features I’m going to have to work through and figure out.”

			Molly gave me a rather wan smile. “Sounds fun.”

			“Maybe a little,” I said. “Gotta make sure Marcone didn’t leave me any magical surprises behind.”

			“Do you think he would?”

			“Not really,” I said. “But home’s a real good thing to be thorough about.” I looked around. “He was supposed to be bringing the keys by. He’s late.” I caught a look on Molly’s face and scowled. “Wait. Did you come down here with me to distract me?”

			“Not distract, precisely,” Molly hedged. “But . . . perhaps it’s better if you don’t butt heads with Marcone just now, Harry.”

			“Indeed,” came Mab’s cool, calm voice.

			The Queen of Air and Darkness entered the great hall through the same doors Ethniu had ducked beneath a few days before and surveyed the bare, clean walls through the shafts of sunlight falling through the hole in the roof. She wore the same business wear she had in the Ministry meeting. “Something of a fixer-upper, isn’t it, my Knight?”

			I scowled at her. “Did you collect the keys from Marcone on my behalf?”

			“No,” Mab said.

			“Because you thought I’d pick a fight with him?”

			“Of course not,” Mab said.

			“You don’t trust me,” I said.

			Mab gave me a bland look. “Do not be ridiculous. I trust you as much as anyone.” She glanced over her shoulder to a second figure entering the shadowed hall.

			“Lara,” I said calmly.

			The power behind the throne of the White Court entered the room with a faintly cautious air, examining the bare walls curiously. One, two, three dangerous women here with me, and a definite sense of conspiracy-for-my-own-good in the air. It was appropriate to start feeling a little wary, I thought.

			“At Mab’s suggestion, I took it upon myself to run the keys down to you,” Lara said. “I pointed out to the good Baron how it made everything happen in front of witnesses, very official and aboveboard, and avoided any possible moments of . . . negative emotional interaction between the two of you.”

			I grunted and said, “Between the two of us, eh?”

			“Oh, Marcone is furious with you, in his own way,” Lara said. “I’d say you won the round.”

			Which did not make me feel a little surge of petty satisfaction. At all. Ahem.

			“But you’ve got the keys?” I asked her.

			She held them up. She was wearing white gloves to go with the business suit.

			“And you guys arranged everything so us boys don’t get all emotional and start punching each other to impress the girls,” I said.

			“Or start making out with each other,” Lara volleyed back. “The two of you were looking very warrior-bro chummy, I thought.”

			“Ew,” I said, and held out my hands. “How do I know you didn’t make a copy of them for yourself?”

			“Mab was with me,” Lara said. She crossed the room to drop the keys in my hand without touching me. “And as if you weren’t going to change all the locks first thing, anyway.”

			I bounced the keys, two copies of a single master key, in my hand, then slipped them into my pocket. “I wouldn’t have punched him in the nose. I would have been nice. As long as he was.”

			“Of course,” Lara said, nodding firmly. “You’re both very mature.”

			I sniffed haughtily.

			Both of us were kidding around, rather than moving right into what was coming next. Neither one of us liked thinking about the fact that not only had we lost Thomas; we’d failed him, too.

			“Did your people find anything else?” I asked.

			Lara’s expression sobered. “The ship was found sunk in two feet of water off a beach in Indiana. Recovery operations underway.”

			I exhaled and nodded my thanks to her. “So, Justine made it to shore.”

			Lara nodded. “But where she went after that, we don’t know. My people are looking, but it’s a very large world.”

			“Finding people is what I do,” I said. “If you hold down your end, I’ll start from mine. Between us, we’ll catch her.”

			“If we do,” Lara said, “do you really think you can cast out . . .” Her voice lowered. She never said the word Nemesis.

			“I don’t know,” I said. “But we owe it to Thomas to try to save her. And the child.”

			Lara’s eyes became grim, and she gave me a small, firm nod and offered me her hand. “Shake on it, wizard?”

			I nodded and traded grips with her. “Agreed.”

			And a flickering something went between us. It wasn’t White Court mojo, I didn’t think. Just . . . a shivering note of energy. A harmony.

			It was a promise both of us had put a measure of will behind. It was a promise both of us meant to keep.

			We both had the same feelings about family.

			“Excellent,” said Mab from behind us. “Lady Lara, upon due consideration, your third favor is granted. You have my permission to court my Knight. The wedding will commence at sundown.”

			“Uh,” I said, “what?”

			Lara arched an eyebrow. “What?”

			“WHAT!!??” sputtered Molly.

			I blinked at her. Then at Mab. Then at Lara. And then Lara and I both more or less simultaneously jerked our hands out of the grip they’d been in.

			“The third favor requested of Winter,” Mab clarified. “Lady Lara desired a binding alliance with Winter. This seems wise to us. It will be done.”

			“Not that part,” I stammered. “The part with a wedding.”

			“The fusion of bloodlines is how these things are generally arranged,” Mab said in a deadly reasonable tone. “And you passed responsibility for such decisions to me when you swore your oaths, my Knight.”

			“Hey, didn’t nobody say anything about weddings,” I protested.

			Mab stared at me for half of a frozen second before saying, “You knew.”

			Yeah, well. There wasn’t any weaseling out of that one. When Mab had staked her claim, she had done so in . . . an unmistakably intimate and thorough fashion. Mab had laid claim to my life. And I’d agreed to it. Also unmistakably.

			I looked away from Mab, because she was probably in the right. I’d made a deal and sworn my oaths. Mab, as my liege, had not only the right, but the obligation to marry me off if it meant a more stable and secure Winter.

			But that didn’t matter.

			Because I’d had a long damned week.

			And Murph was gone.

			And the Winter mantle didn’t do a thing for that kind of pain.

			“You know what you can do with your wedding?” I asked Mab pleasantly, and even though I knew I was about to offer her open defiance in front of witnesses, and that there was only one way she could react to such a thing, I felt the words coming up.

			Mab’s gaze turned icy and settled on me.

			And some part of me said, What the hell? and started looking for the most childishly insulting thing I could possibly say to her.

			But before I could come up with something really good, open my mouth, and doom myself, Molly and Lara had both come between us.

			“This is inappropriate to force upon him at this time,” Molly said in a cool, rational tone to Mab, as she put a hand on my shoulder. Her fingers closed in an icy vise, hard enough to make my arm go numb. It wasn’t quite as effective as slamming a gag over my mouth would have been, but it was close. “In the immediate wake of the battle and his personal losses,” Molly argued, “there is nothing to be gained by putting further strain upon him.”

			“Your terms are acceptable,” Lara said immediately upon Molly’s heels. “But the customs of both my people and his own call for a more graceful and appropriate period of time before a formal union is commenced—as well as for a mourning period after the passing of one of the honored dead. To ignore either of these requirements would be for you and me to openly disrespect each other. It would send mixed messages to our vassals upon the very foundation of our alliance.”

			Mab looked coldly furious, but her gaze flickered aside to Molly and to Lara for maybe a tenth of a second. She stared at me and then arched an eyebrow, daring me to defy her. “Do you concur with this assessment, my Knight?”

			The part of me that missed Murphy and was sick of hurting wanted to scream, Go pound sand, you frigid witch. I am not your Ken doll.

			Molly’s hand clenched me hard enough to make things in my shoulder crackle.

			Maybe she and Lara hadn’t shown up only in an effort to keep me from losing it on Marcone. Maybe they’d come in an effort to protect me from something a lot more dangerous.

			I couldn’t stop from glaring defiance at Queen Mab.

			But the part of me that wanted to survive rasped, “Yeah. What they said.”

			Mab stared daggers at me for a solid thirty seconds of frozen silence. Then she said, “In the interests of building a solid foundation, Lady Lara, and in making best use of our Knight, Lady Molly, I will grant him the period of a year of mourning,” she said.

			“Do you know what you can do with your year of mourn—” I began to say.

			“Agreed,” Molly said hurriedly over me, and gave me a look that said, Dammit, Harry.

			Mab gave Molly a narrow-eyed glance. Then she lifted a finger and added, “With the proviso that they make regular public appearances together. War does not wait for the mending of broken hearts. We must project the image of improved solidarity at once.”

			Mab looked from Molly to Lara and back.

			Molly looked like she was biting back a whole lot of what she had to say. But she inclined her head slightly and nodded.

			Lara grimaced. She gave Molly a look that contained something like an apology. But she nodded as well.

			“Excellent,” Mab said, her tone frozen. “See to the details, Lady Molly. Yourself.”

			Lara winced.

			Molly looked as if Mab had just punched her in the belly.

			But she nodded.

			Mab shook her head and said, “The world we have been building is at risk. Now is not the time for defiance. From any of you. Do not make me regret my investments.”

			Something very like fear touched Lara’s face for a moment. She didn’t look up to challenging Mab. I knew how she felt.

			“I would speak privately with my Knight,” Mab continued. “Lady Molly. Lady Lara. Thank you for your time.”

			Mab didn’t exactly dismiss them, not directly. But her tone made it perfectly clear that they had been dismissed, nonetheless.

			Lara turned to go. Molly hesitated for a second, her expression uncomfortable.

			The way I understood it, Molly didn’t exactly have an option when Mab gave her a direct order. Power always comes at a price.

			“It’s okay,” I told her. “I’ll be out in a minute.”

			My ex-apprentice gave me a faint smile. Then she traded a guarded look with Mab, inclined her head to the Queen of Winter, and walked with Lara out of my secondhand castle. There was some definite coolness between Lara and Molly: Actual frost formed on the floor at the Winter Lady’s feet.

			And that left me alone with Mab.

			Mab raised a hand as I began to speak and said, her voice tired and uninflected, “Yes. You defy me. Obviously. You always do. In the interests of efficiency, let us assume you have uttered some mystifying reference to mortal popular nonsense, I have glared at you and reminded you of the power I hold over you, you have confirmed that you continue to understand the circumstances that require me to tolerate your insouciance, and we have both agreed to continue this ridiculous dance in the future, presumably for the remainder of time.”

			Which made me blink.

			Mab didn’t usually get into meta-discussions about the nature of our relationship.

			She took a step past me and looked around the bare walls of the great hall. “The Baron has garnered the lion’s share of respect among his elders by surviving a storm this violent at all, much less proving to have prepared for it, seizing the initiative, and fighting for his territory successfully. Yet you have claimed a choice prize of him, and he has had the grace to yield it to you. And there are many who suspect you have claimed the Eye by right of victory as well—a circumstance far more favorable to you than if they actually knew whether you had it or not.” She pursed her lips. “You begin to understand how to armor yourself with your enemies’ doubts. Your reputation grows more formidable.”

			“Formidable enough the White Council doesn’t want anything to do with me,” I said.

			She waved a hand, her voice utterly confident. “Sheep fear wolves, my Knight. And it is appropriate that they do so.”

			“The big bad momma of wicked faeries just looked at me about a work problem and said, ‘Whatchagonnado?’” I sighed. “Maybe that’s a bad sign.”

			Mab stopped under the hole in the roof and stared up at it, her face pale and perfect in the wan shaft of daylight, filtered through thick, sleepy rain clouds. The raindrops that made it through bounced off her and landed on the floor with sharp clicks, as tiny chips of ice. “You begin to see the shape of my problems, my Knight.” She glanced at me. “You are a wolf. A predator. One they need.”

			“I’m the hero Chicago deserves,” I said in my best overblown Batman voice. “But not the one it swiped on Tinder.”

			Mab glanced at me wearily. “You know what it is,” she said, “to sell pieces of your soul so that someone who will never know your name will have another chance at life.”

			I didn’t have a response for that.

			Silence fell.

			I walked over beside Mab and looked up out of the castle at the soft daylight and the falling rain.

			When droplets hit me, I just got wet.

			“I always figured,” I said, “that when you sold your soul, it went all at once.”

			She smiled faintly. Click, click, click.

			“You didn’t even understand who would be receiving it,” she said. “Honestly, why you children keep making such bargains with old serpents like me, I shall never understand.”

			I frowned up at the light.

			“When big, bad, hungry evil showed up at the door,” I said, “I wanted the people of Chicago kept safe. So I fought it. With everything I had.”

			“Yes,” Mab said.

			“So did Marcone,” I said. “End of the day, when push came to shove, he gave people who were in trouble shelter behind his walls. And he fought to defend the city.”

			“He did,” Mab said.

			“I won’t forget it.”

			I eyed her.

			“So did you,” I said.

			She stared up at the light, ignoring me. Click, click, click.

			“Thank you,” I said. “You fought for my city. My people. Thank you.”

			She looked at me in sudden confusion.

			“Thank you,” I said, for the third time.

			Three repetitions separate the random from the intentional. Repeat something three times, and you make it more real.

			Mab shivered at my gratitude.

			She closed her eyes.

			And for a second, raindrops fell through the hole in the roof.

			Then they went click, click, click again. And Mab opened her eyes. “Child,” she said. “You are welcome.”

			“I have a question,” I said.

			“Ask.”

			“The Eye,” I said. “It was made of pure hate. I felt that.”

			“Yes.”

			“It destroyed everything it touched,” I said. “Except you. Even Titania didn’t touch it when she faced it. But you could. Why?”

			Mab’s mouth turned up into a faint smile.

			“Everyone,” she said, “thinks that hate and love are somehow opposite forces. They are not. They are the same force, facing opposite directions.” She glanced aside at me. “Love is a fire, my Knight. Love turned the wrong way has killed as many as hate. Reason, young wizard, is the opposite of hate, not love. Ethniu could not destroy me with a single blast of the Eye. I was quite certain of it. I ran the numbers.”

			I stared at her for a moment. Then I nodded.

			“You need to run a few more,” I said. “Because you’re asking too much of me. It’s more than I can give you.”

			“Why?” she asked. “Because your lover fell in battle?”

			I gave her a furious look.

			She took it without noticing, and I was too tired to keep it up. “You will heal. I have buried a cohort of lovers over the years, Dresden,” she said, without malice. “We won this battle. Enjoy the victory. But the war goes on—and it must yet be fought.”

			It wasn’t like I saw Murph’s shade standing there. That would have been too much. But I could imagine what it would look like, standing there, staring at me impatiently while Mab said things that would become no less true just because I didn’t like them.

			“You’re asking too much,” I said.

			“You find the pairing undesirable?”

			“I find it suicidal, and it wouldn’t matter who she was,” I said. “You’re forcing me into something that shouldn’t be forced.”

			Her voice turned colder and harder than any stone in Antarctica. “Yes. I am.” She glanced at me. “Because I judge it necessary. Our world has just become infinitely more uncertain and dangerous. We must become stronger and more stable to face it, securing both the appearance and fact of a secure alliance with a competent partner. That is more important than any given person or their petty desires. Including yours.”

			“Makes sense,” I said. “And it doesn’t matter. You should do it.”

			“Do what?”

			“Get married. Lara wouldn’t mind.”

			“Not possible,” Mab said. “If it was work I could do myself, I would.”

			Which . . . I believed, actually. “Why not?”

			“Certain aspects of my power have to do with choices I made when I was mortal,” she said. “There would be . . . compatibility issues. This is part of the task the Knight was designed for.”

			“Designed for? I’m not. . . . That isn’t how it works. It’s not a choice I’m making. That’s just how it is.”

			Click, click, click.

			“There is,” Mab said, a very soft, very gentle tone of warning in her voice, “one year, for it to be different.”

			“That isn’t how it works,” I said. “People aren’t machine parts. You can’t just plug them in wherever. They aren’t game pieces. You can’t just pick them up and move them around the board, wherever you want them to go.”

			“Yet the machine still must function. The game must be played,” she said, her voice implacable, stating facts, not angry. “Do not test me. There is no margin here for you to dance within. Bend, wizard. Or I will break you.”

			I drew in a breath and let it out again.

			“I guess we’ll see,” I said.

			Her eyes glinted. But she looked like someone who had heard what she expected to hear. She inclined her head to me in an opponent’s acknowledgment. “We will see.”



* * *



			* * *

			Molly’s car was being driven by one of the Sidhe who I couldn’t quite tell was male or female, and who could presumably kill me a dozen times while I tried to figure it out.

			“You hear nothing,” Molly told the Sidhe, and the being shuddered a little and nodded.

			“Literally,” Molly said. “That’s my Winter Law voice. The driver is effectively deaf until I say otherwise.”

			And then she rolled up the privacy curtain between the front and the back.

			“Your driver reads lips?” I guessed.

			“I find it best to assume,” she said. “The Winter Court is just that kind of place.” She folded her arms and crossed her knees, which looked very nice in the sharp, rather conservative dress suit she wore. “I can’t believe she’s just selling you off like a horse to Lara.”

			“Thanks?” I said.

			She waved a hand in a vaguely apologetic gesture. “You know what I mean. It’s unconscionable.”

			“For most of humanity’s history,” I said, “it was standard practice. Marriage of a couple, symbolizing the actions of a state, bound together in an act of ritual high magic. And it was practiced so long because it worked.”

			Molly eyed me. “Who exactly do you think you’re teaching, here, Socrates?”

			I lifted a hand in acknowledgment. “I’m . . . tired, Molly. Sorry.”

			She grimaced and looked out the window. “No. I shouldn’t have pushed.” She shook her head. “I can’t believe Mab is doing this to you now. The dirt’s barely settled on Murphy’s grave.”

			No.

			It hadn’t.

			I stared out the window for a while, just sort of letting the world happen to me. Molly spoke, I think.

