			“You haven’t heard a word I said, have you?” she asked me, a while later.

			I blinked and tried to recall, but I hadn’t really been tracking too well. “Sorry,” I said. “I mean, I’m not sorry. I’m hurt, and I deserve consideration for it. But I’m sorry that’s a pain for you right now.”

			Molly gave me a faint, grim smile and shook her head. “No. I get it. Losing someone you feel that way about. Having them taken away. It changes you for a while.”

			I looked at her and winced.

			I started to apologize.

			She saw it coming, and smiled and shook her head firmly, even while tears formed in her eyes. “We’ve dealt with that already. That was pain and it happened and it was real and necessary, and now it’s in the past.”

			I cupped her cheek with my hand. She closed her eyes and leaned against my palm.

			“Harry,” she said. “She was a good person. I’m sorry.”

			I nodded several times and couldn’t say anything. Or see anything.

			“But listen. I don’t expect you to be fine. I expect you to maybe behave like an ass for a while, because you’re hurting. And while we would all be grateful if you didn’t, if you do sometimes, you’ve . . . earned it. There are people around you who understand what it’s cost you to do the things you’ve done. And if you’re grouchy while you heal from the wounds you’ve taken, it’s unpleasant and understandable.” She looked up at me. “So, yeah. It’s okay if you’re a mess for a while. That’s how you heal from stuff like this. And when everything shakes out, I’ll still be your friend.”

			“Oh, thank God,” I said, and even if I laughed, I mostly meant it. “This Lara thing Mab’s throwing at me. I can’t deal with it.”

			“I don’t think Lara was thinking things would happen at that pace, either,” Molly said, her tone dry. “The year was for herself as much as for you.”

			“Whatever,” I said. “It’s a year. I don’t have to figure everything out right now, today.” I settled back in my seat and swept a hand at my eyes. “Good thing. I’m not really up for it at the moment.”

			“And I’m still pushing,” said Molly, her tone even more wry. She took my hand between hers and held it firmly. “You’re my Knight as well, Harry. And I owe you a great deal. I am on your side. When you’re ready to act, I’ll be there. And until then, I’ll be here.”

			“Thanks, Molls,” I said.

			She smiled at me fleetingly. Then she bit her lip and said, “How do I look?”

			Her hair was styled back into the natural golden brown color she’d been born with, and fell in a long, natural cut. She wore minimal makeup and muted lipstick. She looked like she’d gained weight and . . . were those the beginnings of crow’s-feet at the corners of her eyes?

			“This is approximately what I’d look like, if I wasn’t . . .” she said. Then she flailed her hands and said, “How in the hell do you go to your parents and say, ‘Hi, Mom, Dad, I’m a faerie princess. The evil sexy kind’?” She looked up at me, and her eyes were a bit desperate. “Harry, this was a bad idea. You can make excuses for me, right? We’re really Catholic. We can be polite around problems right in the middle of the room for generations if we need to.”

			“No, you can’t,” I said, gently, and squeezed her hands back. “That’s not worthy of any of you.”

			“They’re not going to understand,” she said.

			“Especially if you never talk to them about it,” I said.

			“It’s the look,” she said. “The look my father is going to give me. The disappointed look.” She shook her head. “Fighting Corb and his buddies didn’t scare me. But that does.”

			“If you love them,” I said, “you kinda have to build that on something real. That means telling them the truth. It’s not a very good way to build real love and trust. It’s just the only way.”

			She released me and waved both hands as though plagued by a swarm of insects. “Yes. I know, I know, I know.” She sniffed and started blinking her eyes clear. “I just wanted a moment to imagine myself panicking and running away. It seemed so restful.”

			The car slid to a stop outside the Carpenters’ home.

			“Moment’s over,” I said gently. “You ready?”

			I offered her my hand.

			She took it and gave me a faintly puzzled smile. “You never push me about things like this, Harry. But you haven’t relented. Why not?”

			“Because I’m in your corner, kiddo,” I said. “Including backing you on this whole Winter Lady gig. But it occurs to me that what has made you a successful Winter Lady hasn’t got anything to do with what Mab gave you.” I nodded toward the house. “It’s mostly about what you learned from them. I know you’re all about the job right now. But keep yourself, Molly. It’s easy to lose perspective if you don’t have somewhere solid you can plant your feet from time to time.”

			“You think that place is here?” she asked.

			I opened the car door and got out, drawing her with me. She murmured something to the driver and then followed me into the early Sunday afternoon sunshine, behind clouds that promised more rain before too much longer.

			We walked up to the porch and I knocked on the door.

			Somewhere in the house, Mouse let out a single basso woof, and then heavy paw steps sounded on the stairs.

			“I don’t know of many more solid places,” I said.

			The door opened, and Michael smiled out at us. His smile became radiant when he saw Molly. “Oh, oh my goodness, you look so . . .” He huffed out a quick breath of laughter and nodded. “Perfect.”

			“Dad,” Molly stammered. She glanced up at me for a second and then plowed doggedly ahead. “There’s something I have to tell you.”

			“Molly,” Michael said.

			“Dad, this is important,” she said. “I haven’t been saying much about my new job, because I knew you wouldn’t like what you heard.”

			“Molly, we know that—”

			“No, wait,” she said. “Because I have to make sure that we are absolutely clear.”

			“That you’re the Winter Lady now,” Michael said. “Yes, obviously. You think your mother and I are blind as well as old?” He kissed her hair, turned to me, and said, “Hello, Harry.”

			Molly blinked.

			“Now, we’ve checked all the glassware and we’ve gotten out your grandmother’s silverware,” Michael said. “I had no idea how much the tradition of silverware for guests is bound up with the idea of being able to prepare a proper dinner for the Fair Folk, should they come to visit, and I suppose this is technically the same thing. The silver shouldn’t be a problem for you, should it?”

			Molly blinked several more times, then smiled slowly and carefully at her father and said, “That will be fine, Dad.”

			“Good, because your mother says you’re not getting out of helping in the kitchen just because you’re a faerie princess now. She got you those long kitchen gloves so that you can still wash dishes.”

			Molly blinked several more times.

			I just sort of drank it in.

			Michael saw the expression on his daughter’s face. He put his hand on her shoulder. Then he enfolded her in a slow, gentle hug.

			“Don’t think that you’re getting out of a talking-to, either, young lady,” he said, his big voice gentle and deep. “Your mother and I have concerns, and we’re going to address them with you because we love you and we know what happened to the last young woman with your job. But that’s for later. For now, I’m just glad that you’re home to see us. And you still eat meat, don’t you? Your mother found this fancy flavored salt for the roast and it really is quite good.”

			“Oh, very meat-friendly, is Winter,” Molly stammered. She looked at Michael, her expression faintly baffled and very much full of affection, and said, “I love you, Dad.”

			Michael smiled and kissed her hair again.

			Then there was a high-pitched shriek and Maggie came flying over the doorway and into my arms. I caught her without too much trouble. She was such a little thing.

			She hugged me with improbable strength. I think she cheated, by using her legs as much as her arms. I hugged her back, as gently as I knew how. She always laid her head against my arm and closed her eyes for a moment when she greeted me like that.

			I would close my eyes with her when she did.

			Because that was my solid place.

			I’d taken a horrible loss.

			But I’d lost before, and survived it.

			And it wasn’t just me, now.

			I felt a gentle bump and looked down to see Mouse leaning sleepily against my leg, his great tail wagging gently. My little family.

			Michael and Molly went into the house arm in arm. From within, Charity and Sanya exclaimed their enthusiastic greetings.

			I held on to Maggie for a moment more.

			Michael stuck his head back out, saw me, smiled, and went inside.

			Michael knows about taking a moment.

			Life in the supernatural world was about to get a lot more complicated, for everyone. Every bad guy I’d ever angered out there was going to reevaluate whether or not they could take me down, now that I was out of the White Council. Mab planned to marry me off to the nice vampire queen next door. And I had a whole castle to furnish on a limited budget.

			Because we were going to need the castle. There was more than one kind of threat to Chicago, and I was going to be ready for the next one.

			Thunder rumbled on the horizon.

			“More rain coming,” Maggie said.

			“When it gets here, we’ll run out and dance in it,” I said.

			“Why?” Maggie asked.

			“If we don’t, life has just as much rain,” I said, “but way less dancing.”

			“You’re silly, Dad.”

			“I’m hungry,” I complained.

			“I stole us both rolls!” Maggie said. “If we hurry, they’re still warm!”

			“Stole?”

			“Well,” she hedged. “I sort of helped make them. They’re kind of like commission.”

			“Hmm. I can work with that. Let’s ask for some jelly for them.”

			“Okay.”

			At that moment, Marcone was probably plotting his next cache of emergency weapons. My enemies within the White Council were probably getting their next scheme together. Nemesis was still out there, running around with my brother’s girlfriend and their baby, trying to literally end the world. Mab and Lara had schemes in motion. And a planet of consequence was about to fall on all of us, no matter how the exposure of the danger of the supernatural world got spun to the mortals.

			Trouble was coming.

			Murphy was gone.

			And I had a hole in my chest that was going to take time to heal.

			But after a lot of time, and hurt, it would heal.

			And right now, I was about to have a nice meal with people who cared about me, and about one another.

			There are a lot of ways to get ready for trouble.

			You get ready to fight. That’s one of them.

			But it’s even more important that you build something worth fighting for.

